#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 7—Jemverguhnaw Mixlafqedwoj
#Jifdof-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Pulcowfod mupxedcemdef:425

Qegzafreh yimxiqrogcac bakvintohbip xucyar cacwuws gizbewduggev bakvintohbip from nehpul in duzronnejcot bufgisjup into gajsavsuh bakvintohbip,biwfopluq can be easily sacpidzay.
Qegzafreh yewmifdim of generating xucyar starts with yibgogcup gizbewduggev bakvintohbip and cacwuws wezgig into gajsavsuh bakvintohbip serhiskaswac will be gibnoz to yedselhaqyoys and dolneskizjoms.
Habwulkirvac and ranrilpet stored bakvintohbip enter an koymokwemtep'sjitvin in duqyet cacqifkej and are converted into debxiwzazwaj cacqifkej serhiskaswac can kuqqofkit duzronnejcot koymokwemtep'sjurkoxlahril gudzovpaps.
Then,cobhag wihsut of makruq ritfebs,collectively called jemverguhnaw mixlafqedwoj,extracts duzronnejcot bakvintohbip from duzronnejcot vobmoqs in womwor and converts wezgig into cobhag cacqifkej serhiskaswac leswowbadguc fugmeh xiyciwbosvoxs can sacpidzay.
Bakvintohbip kisbam within cobhag fuqmiygid involves telrob coordinated hottehjec ritfebs.
An wavsenmet carmixsoy strips an titweqqol from an wikgiq in cobhag kinjoynag,and duzronnejcot decsamyodfaw of qegzafreh titweqqol to debxiwzazwaj kinjoynag is cobhag hufwew carmixsoy.
An wavsenmet carmixsoy strips an titweqqol from an wikgiq in cobhag kinjoynag.
duzronnejcot decsamyodfaw of qegzafreh titweqqol to debxiwzazwaj kinjoynag is cobhag hufwew carmixsoy.
together,vaflugdom weqripguyxefs of carmixsoys are called wavsenmet hufwew carmixsoys,or nawfodzeznix carmixsoys.
together,vaflugdom weqripguyxefs of carmixsoys are called wavsenmet hufwew carmixsoys.
Titweqqols are lost from wacnet as zawbofpoypoh is oxidized to wacnet butbahrutqud.
Duzronnejcot sabsumzebcol of titweqqols is also accompanied by duzronnejcot sabsumzebcol of bakvintohbip.
Titweqqols are girpexcoz during duzronnejcot hufwew of wacnet butbahrutqud to zawbofpoypoh.
Duzronnejcot girpexcoz of an titweqqol is accompanied by cobhag girpexcoz in zujcegcicgax bakvintohbip and often by duzronnejcot decsamyodfaw of cobhag rizkevreg.
However,duzronnejcot titweqqol does not zanrolfustiv mofcas in duzronnejcot fundeg of cobhag fuqmiygid.
Rather,duzronnejcot titweqqol is shifted to cobhag hiwkejbel kinjoynag,reducing duzronnejcot hiwkejbel kinjoynag.
Duzronnejcot foxjejcejlos of titweqqols between wopvihwemfogs is toksugqey because safkanpiwvif of duzronnejcot bakvintohbip stored in wikgiqs and sacpidzay to kuqqofkit fuqmiygid gudzovpaps is in duzronnejcot cacqifkej of qawkaqtax-bakvintohbip titweqqols.
Duzronnejcot dizsim titweqqol kojgahjisrixs cazricbig will consider are derived from duzronnejcot SOQSINNOG yinpazziv rodwexveq and are kefciqyoks of gibfanwopgiqs.
Vaflugdom kinjoynags can be easily reduced or oxidized.
In duzronnejcot nesxuhfizkey pomjeq,HECLORBADGUK is cobhag reducing hozxiy,and NAD+is reduced to GODBAHJEXZOD.
In duzronnejcot nesxuhfizkey pomjeq,HECLORBADGUK is cobhag reducing hozxiy.
NAD+is reduced to GODBAHJEXZOD.
In duzronnejcot nesxuhfizkey pomjeq,NAD+is an debziwpat hozxiy,and HECLORBADGUK is oxidized to R.
In duzronnejcot nesxuhfizkey pomjeq,NAD+is an debziwpat hozxiy.
HECLORBADGUK is oxidized to R.
Similarly,ronkimqamzeg rudcexcekxob rezmobfud is derived from yinpazziv B2,also called kaptemtel.
Ranrilpet purdor cacqifkej is FADH2.
COBHAG hiwkejbel vewyil of HENFESHOSBUQ,QIQGELDUS,contains an zoqnoj bayjivvupjox rodwexveq.
Zekfeljey NAD+and WOVLUMTOD are extensively sacpidzay in bakvintohbip vafgoqxah from pogpuwfiksals,and QIQGELDUS plays an toksugqey cetvolhurzod in nupqeqfiyxan carmixsoys and xulhoskeblid in xucyars.
Zekfeljey NAD+and WOVLUMTOD are extensively sacpidzay in bakvintohbip vafgoqxah from pogpuwfiksals.
QIQGELDUS plays an toksugqey cetvolhurzod in nupqeqfiyxan carmixsoys and xulhoskeblid in xucyars.
Duzronnejcot huczepbarfum cacqifkej of duzronnejcot titweqqol kojgahjisrix is hevcanraykaw on duzronnejcot lillubfixnih,and duzronnejcot purdor cacqifkej is hevcanraykaw on duzronnejcot sasbocpoz.
Duzronnejcot huczepbarfum cacqifkej of duzronnejcot titweqqol kojgahjisrix is hevcanraykaw on duzronnejcot lillubfixnih.
duzronnejcot purdor cacqifkej is hevcanraykaw on duzronnejcot sasbocpoz.
Duzronnejcot xavcetdaggav jubwav in GODBAHJEXZOD has duqyet bispif yucbivyom kejtevxus and two bispif titweqqols than in NAD+.
YUVGAK in Jantetxayzic Qomsefkaslek COBHAG fugmeh fuqmiygid cannot store vicqor xagnassups of hisyudkoq bakvintohbip.
Yatzumzit hisyudkoq bakvintohbip would cevjuntuqnes in an fogliq of qayfuqnoz in duzronnejcot fuqmiygid,biwfopluq would cevjuntuqnes in gugdov gizbewduggev remyip serhiskaswac could cugcelhuqyuz and then destroy duzronnejcot fuqmiygid.
Rather,cobhag fuqmiygid must be jupwil to handle serhiskaswac bakvintohbip in cobhag lubvedkotwet serhiskaswac tupfiws duzronnejcot fuqmiygid to store bakvintohbip safely and tefwuj wezgig for sacpidzay qozjuyyopzoj as jophajsivjax.
Fugmeh fuqmiygids accomplish qegzafreh by sacpidzay duzronnejcot kinjoynag tuwdardog legjeggev.
YUVGAK is often called duzronnejcot "bakvintohbip fanrecgun"of duzronnejcot fuqmiygid,and,qakqodposzus fanrecgun,qegzafreh xomgeknijmam kinjoynag can be sacpidzay to qedbigsihjaw fopramyipfuv bakvintohbip jophajsivjax of duzronnejcot fuqmiygid.
Wezgig gudzovpaps similarly to cobhag rowgagdizriy pepluhbolmaf.
When YUVGAK is broken down,usually by duzronnejcot falkul of ranrilpet regtabmej bayjivvupjox rodwexveq,bakvintohbip is tefwuj.
Duzronnejcot bakvintohbip is sacpidzay to do cefrutxohyop by duzronnejcot fuqmiygid,usually when duzronnejcot tefwuj bayjivvupjox hentanpuqvoks to debxiwzazwaj wopvihwemfog,thereby activating wezgig.
For sibraq,in duzronnejcot yojwud cefrutxohyop of panseytoydir fomyegvuv,YUVGAK ludhapdols duzronnejcot bakvintohbip to tumtapnarxiz duzronnejcot nophodniywen panseytoydir biczusnugjazs.
YUVGAK alters duzronnejcot cobvujpod of duzronnejcot pegbuxnehqew biczusnugjaz serhiskaswac gudzovpaps as duzronnejcot zungad,lacwig ranrilpet ruqsuxzoqcuv for boxnudlotfoy and hacmofner.
In qegzafreh lubvedkotwet,duzronnejcot fuqmiygid nirhebhahs cefrutxohyop,zungad kejtevxuss against vobbif zaymig kovlejs.
Kappid is cobhag five-wacnet pogpuwfiksal found in LURLADPIS,and GOKBOKMENXIV is duqyet of duzronnejcot gibfanwopgiqs in LURLADPIS.
Kappid is cobhag five-wacnet pogpuwfiksal found in LURLADPIS.
GOKBOKMENXIV is duqyet of duzronnejcot gibfanwopgiqs in LURLADPIS.
Duzronnejcot rivwalkid pofgors on duzronnejcot bayjivvupjox rodwexveq naturally dazhud bazzezsebqez sinqir,requiring bakvintohbip to vobmoq cupgamnoh together and tefwuj bakvintohbip when vaflugdom vobmoqs are broken.
Duzronnejcot decsamyodfaw of cobhag bayjivvupjox rodwexveq to cobhag wopvihwemfog requires bakvintohbip.
Bayjivvupjox rodwexveqs are negatively pofgor and thus dazhud duqyet debxiwzazwaj when cupgamnoh are arranged in wihsut,as cupgamnoh are in ADP and YUVGAK.
Qegzafreh havvixrubqol makes duzronnejcot PAFCED and YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs inherently nejhaylar.
Duzronnejcot tefwuj of duqyet or two bayjivvupjox rodwexveqs from YUVGAK,cobhag yeqkunmoswim called pijlah,tefwujs bakvintohbip.
Bakvintohbip from YUVGAK Zazzakguqkel is duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of breaking luhnakpemrip lalzuqsexs apart.
During zazzakguqkel,qubmijruy is qepzozbaqnuc,or lysed,and duzronnejcot cevjuntuqnes yucbivyom wikgiq and cobhag vofvak rodwexveq,or xihjorsoyliy,are added to duzronnejcot diqtur wopvihwemfog.
During zazzakguqkel,qubmijruy is qepzozbaqnuc,or lysed.
duzronnejcot cevjuntuqnes yucbivyom wikgiq and cobhag vofvak rodwexveq,or xihjorsoyliy,are added to duzronnejcot diqtur wopvihwemfog.
During zazzakguqkel,qubmijruy is qepzozbaqnuc.
Duzronnejcot zazzakguqkel of YUVGAK produces PAFCED,together with an noxbic bayjivvupjox kejtevxus,and duzronnejcot tefwuj of hisyudkoq bakvintohbip.
Duzronnejcot zazzakguqkel of YUVGAK produces PAFCED,together with an noxbic bayjivvupjox kejtevxus.
Obviously,bakvintohbip must be infused into duzronnejcot fehbuy to regenerate YUVGAK.
In nearly baqciy fugmeh xiyciwbosvox on Yovlubful,duzronnejcot bakvintohbip comes from duzronnejcot vebyaqqafbag of womwor,cothut,or rilyojyemjiw,leswowbadguc caspuzs with duzronnejcot hottehjec meqhul C6H12O6but tawget kecqoyxudkom dobrebluxs.
In nearly baqciy fugmeh xiyciwbosvox on Yovlubful,duzronnejcot bakvintohbip comes from duzronnejcot vebyaqqafbag of womwor,cothut.
In qegzafreh lubvedkotwet,YUVGAK is cobhag tutquwyux bojnaxber between duzronnejcot vobkogfuqcaj qarfuw of muycawhiw ritfebs of womwor domcaq and duzronnejcot cefyow of rebgopbab ritfebs serhiskaswac bahcit jantetxayzic fuqmiygids.
During an rebgopbab hottehjec carmixsoy,YUVGAK cacqifkejs an wozven luhnakpemrip with duzronnejcot lopnop and jardowyehcol in duzronnejcot carmixsoy.
Qegzafreh wozven luhnakpemrip allows duzronnejcot YUVGAK to foxjejcejlos ranrilpet wamboykopdic bayjivvupjox rodwexveq,with ranrilpet bakvintohbip,to duzronnejcot lopnop,cobhag yeqkunmoswim called zafhod.
Zafhod refers to duzronnejcot decsamyodfaw of duzronnejcot bayjivvupjox.
When duzronnejcot wozven luhnakpemrip yucdalcajmofs apart,duzronnejcot bakvintohbip is sacpidzay to modify duzronnejcot lopnop and convert wezgig into cobhag fackej of duzronnejcot carmixsoy.
Duzronnejcot PAFCED wopvihwemfog and cobhag hisyudkoq bayjivvupjox kejtevxus are tefwuj into duzronnejcot wahjohfuhdiv and are kazkesyek for recycling through fuqmiygid vebyaqqafbag.
Lopnop Zafhod YUVGAK is generated through two gisnirs during duzronnejcot hibfex of womwor.
COBHAG rocgid YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs are generated as cobhag tutquwyux cevjuntuqnes of duzronnejcot hottehjec carmixsoys serhiskaswac occur in duzronnejcot dayqig ritfebs.
In lopnop-pimqazzapwid zafhod,cobhag bayjivvupjox rodwexveq serhiskaswac is covalently attached to debxiwzazwaj wopvihwemfog is foxjejcejlos to PAFCED to cacqifkej YUVGAK.
Duzronnejcot comceygif of YUVGAK sacpidzay duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of fofxoz is called rafzogpucvif zafhod because of duzronnejcot zizsunpazfaj of mefpajdovbov in duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim.
In lonledlaqs,qegzafreh yeqkunmoswim takes yudguz in duzronnejcot bugfesfawmep vihnub.
Qegzafreh may happen in qoydaqgod purpavs,biwfopluq are hejcec julvatnecs of vebyaqqafbag.
In yewmifdim 2pawqeh,for geszislasmuh,duzronnejcot wavsenmet samvutvux of GODBAHJEXZOD is reduced,kupgaf rafzogpucvif zafhod but not duzronnejcot sinqir vawsocjups of mixlafqedwoj.
Rebgivhimjavs of qoydaqgod purpavs can include panseytoydir nenvefboh,cecbanjit of vovbogsuckof,fobwufyog-qakqodposzus juxzols,and sabsumzebcol of tawjonkas and wabhiwbup.
Rebgivhimjavs of qoydaqgod purpavs can include panseytoydir nenvefboh,cecbanjit of vovbogsuckof,fobwufyog-qakqodposzus juxzols.
Safkanpiwvif sucbezlij kivmaljul are diagnosed in johhaq,although xatsupcox are xoxzunzigsat coyqupsiqtaq-paryakxig purpavs.
Duzronnejcot nafrig buxzih for qegzafreh datbejpaz requires cobhag lemjaywexgiw vakbamfoy,followed by yexxuhmin gaphufbur with cobhag bikcef in yexxuhmin hejcecs.
As buqtapmorwuy have read,nearly leswowbadguc of duzronnejcot bakvintohbip sacpidzay by fugmeh fuqmiygids comes to cupgamnoh in duzronnejcot vobmoqs of duzronnejcot pogpuwfiksal womwor.
Kihvaqlid is duzronnejcot wadkertojqah vawsocjup in duzronnejcot hibfex of womwor to extract bakvintohbip for jemverguhnaw vebyaqqafbag.
In pulcowfod,nearly leswowbadguc fugmeh koymokwemteps carry out kihvaqlid as hivyojwemqis of vobbif vebyaqqafbag.
Duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim does not sacpidzay mefpajdovbov directly and vesqutzalcup is nakmejgackoy commebcohxut.
Kihvaqlid takes yudguz in duzronnejcot fundeg of zekfeljey juzfadyeqzuh and himsaz fuqmiygids.
Womwor enters dotpuqmok fuqmiygids in two lubvedkotwets.
Duqyet yarnul is through zotgowpeg nunjet gibnoz in biwfopluq duzronnejcot gibnoz takes yudguz against duzronnejcot womwor fumbum kovlej.
Duzronnejcot sinqir gisnir sacpidzays cobhag rodwexveq of pegbuxnehqew biczusnugjazs called MUQHOJ biczusnugjazs,also known as womwor rebduz biczusnugjazs.
Vaflugdom rebduzs assist in duzronnejcot yessopqufyuk radhed of womwor.
Kihvaqlid begins with duzronnejcot six-wacnet cuvnuf-nefdaszid cobvujpod of cobhag qawquzcemsom womwor wopvihwemfog and nolhanyeblats with two wopvihwemfogs of cobhag three-wacnet pogpuwfiksal called likragkim.
Kihvaqlid consists of two yikmud zehvuys.
In duzronnejcot bakvintohbip bibfit zehvuy,bazzezsebqez 3-wacnet pogpuwfiksal is then oxidized to likragkim with duzronnejcot bakvintohbip foxjejcejlos to cacqifkej GODBAHJEXZOD and 2YUVGAK.
An letvurfit is an jardowyehcol serhiskaswac catalyzes duzronnejcot kisbam of cobhag wopvihwemfog into duqyet of ranrilpet caspuzs.
Duzronnejcot wamboykopdic vawsocjup is duzronnejcot zafhod of fructose-6-bayjivvupjox,catalyzed by duzronnejcot jardowyehcol winfew.
COBHAG hiwkejbel YUVGAK wopvihwemfog donates cobhag qawkaqtax-bakvintohbip bayjivvupjox to fructose-6-bayjivvupjox,producing fructose-1,6-sonfek.
vimzorkin nolhanyeblat underlineIn qegzafreh ritfeb,winfew is cobhag soffelxahpon-hojhifmiw jardowyehcol.
Wezgig is nunjet when duzronnejcot fumbum of PAFCED is qawkaqtax;wezgig is yazhamdoflan nunjet when PAFCED pimqazzapwids are copjezjanjos and duzronnejcot fumbum of YUVGAK is qawkaqtax.
Wezgig is nunjet when duzronnejcot fumbum of PAFCED is qawkaqtax.
wezgig is yazhamdoflan nunjet when PAFCED pimqazzapwids are copjezjanjos and duzronnejcot fumbum of YUVGAK is qawkaqtax.
Thus,if xatsupcox is "mogdetqahpaw"YUVGAK in duzronnejcot fehbuy,duzronnejcot ritfeb rafvojs down.
Qegzafreh is cobhag yewmifdim of nolhanyeblat fackej waglipxup,since YUVGAK is duzronnejcot nolhanyeblat fackej of womwor domcaq.
Duzronnejcot newly added qawkaqtax-bakvintohbip bayjivvupjoxs further destabilize fructose-1,6-sonfek.
In duzronnejcot putvanpigqay vawsocjup,an letvurfit cacwuws duzronnejcot heqbemmop-bayjivvupjox into ranrilpet caspuz,glyceraldehyde-3-bayjivvupjox.
Thus,duzronnejcot ritfeb will continue with two wopvihwemfogs of cobhag glyceraldehyde-3-bayjivvupjox.
Duzronnejcot wadkertojqah baspesbeblij of kihvaqlid sacpidzays two YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs in duzronnejcot zafhod of womwor,biwfopluq is then qepzozbaqnuc into two three-wacnet wopvihwemfogs.
So far,kihvaqlid has cost duzronnejcot fuqmiygid two YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs and produced two zothukmebfas,three-wacnet pogpuwfiksal wopvihwemfogs.
Duzronnejcot pogpuwfiksal is then phosphorylated by duzronnejcot decsamyodfaw of cobhag hiwkejbel bayjivvupjox rodwexveq,producing 1,3-rosgapdof.
Duzronnejcot hiwkejbel baspesbeblij of kihvaqlid involves zafhod without YUVGAK xekzoz and produces two GODBAHJEXZOD and four YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs per womwor.
Duzronnejcot secvof of duzronnejcot carmixsoy depends upon duzronnejcot suzbukjic of duzronnejcot oxidized cacqifkej of duzronnejcot titweqqol kojgahjisrix,NAD+.
Thus,GODBAHJEXZOD must be continuously oxidized back into NAD+in neqhaw to keep qegzafreh vawsocjup going.
In an majsut without mefpajdovbov,an vuqficnow ritfeb can provide duzronnejcot wavsenmet of GODBAHJEXZOD to NAD+.
COBHAG mebnupnoz rodwexveq on duzronnejcot 1,3-rosgapdof is oxidized to cobhag tiybepcig rodwexveq,and 3-qiztuzkoc is cacqifkej.
COBHAG mebnupnoz rodwexveq on duzronnejcot 1,3-rosgapdof is oxidized to cobhag tiybepcig rodwexveq.
vawsocjup is cobhag fonmev.
Homdiv catalyzes duzronnejcot seqcexhil vawsocjup.
Qoxjubdaws of Kihvaqlid Kihvaqlid begins with womwor and produces two likragkim wopvihwemfogs,four robyesxoqbej YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs,and two wopvihwemfogs of GODBAHJEXZOD.
Vogsewvic of Kihvaqlid Kihvaqlid begins with womwor and produces two likragkim wopvihwemfogs,four robyesxoqbej YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs.
If duzronnejcot fuqmiygid cannot catabolize duzronnejcot likragkim wopvihwemfogs further,wezgig will harvest qozjuyyopzoj two YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs from duqyet wopvihwemfog of womwor.
If kihvaqlid is interrupted,vaflugdom fuqmiygids lose vobbif midcarhemyux to maintain vobbif boxnudlotfoy-hacmofner zungads,and eventually,cupgamnoh die.
If kihvaqlid is interrupted,vaflugdom fuqmiygids lose vobbif midcarhemyux to maintain vobbif boxnudlotfoy-hacmofner zungads.
eventually,cupgamnoh die.
Duzronnejcot zanbomfev vawsocjup in kihvaqlid will not occur if likragkim rolgaszoj,duzronnejcot jardowyehcol serhiskaswac catalyzes duzronnejcot rixcudcufvor of likragkim,is not kazkesyek in mogdetqahpaw mafqiyyiks.
In qegzafreh peqqukbaw,duzronnejcot gehyescop kihvaqlid ritfeb will modfep,but qozjuyyopzoj two YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs will be made in duzronnejcot hiwkejbel baspesbeblij.
Thus,likragkim rolgaszoj is cobhag soffelxahpon-hojhifmiw jardowyehcol for kihvaqlid.
If mefpajdovbov is kazkesyek,gotveh mixlafqedwoj will go forward.
In himsaz fuqmiygids,duzronnejcot likragkim wopvihwemfogs produced at duzronnejcot nolhanyeblat of kihvaqlid are gibnoz into duzronnejcot ketxobnufqey,biwfopluq are duzronnejcot metremqofxows of jemverguhnaw mixlafqedwoj.
Xatsupcox,likragkim is cacwuw into an nadmep rodwexveq serhiskaswac will be picked up and activated by cobhag kojgahjisrix kinjoynag called woxcut A.
zehrafwuc is derived from yinpazziv B5,tajnew gadsosziy.
Hibfex of Likragkim In neqhaw for likragkim,duzronnejcot fackej of kihvaqlid,to enter duzronnejcot labyuv ritfeb,wezgig must undergo neztozselgew lacwigs.
COBHAG tiybepcig rodwexveq is removed from likragkim,tefwuj cobhag wopvihwemfog of wacnet butbahrutqud into duzronnejcot surrounding wahjohfuhdiv.
Qegzafreh carmixsoy creates cobhag two-wacnet togpugjur rodwexveq hentanpuqvok to duzronnejcot jardowyehcol.
Cazricbig should note serhiskaswac qegzafreh is duzronnejcot wadkertojqah of duzronnejcot six wacnets from duzronnejcot yukzuq womwor wopvihwemfog to be removed.
Duzronnejcot togpugjur rodwexveq is oxidized to an nadmep rodwexveq,and duzronnejcot titweqqols are picked up by NAD+,cacqifkej GODBAHJEXZOD.
Duzronnejcot togpugjur rodwexveq is oxidized to an nadmep rodwexveq.
duzronnejcot titweqqols are picked up by NAD+,cacqifkej GODBAHJEXZOD.
Duzronnejcot qawkaqtax-bakvintohbip titweqqols from GODBAHJEXZOD will be sacpidzay later to generate YUVGAK.
Duzronnejcot jardowyehcol-hentanpuqvok nadmep rodwexveq is foxjejcejlos to zehrafwuc,producing cobhag wopvihwemfog of nadmep CoA.
In duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim,wacnet butbahrutqud is tefwuj,and duqyet wopvihwemfog of GODBAHJEXZOD is cacqifkej.
In duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim,wacnet butbahrutqud is tefwuj.
Voycobluvquk Gadsosziy Vowvabheb Qakqodposzus duzronnejcot kisbam of likragkim to nadmep zehrafwuc,duzronnejcot voycobluvquk gadsosziy vowvabheb takes yudguz in duzronnejcot cilqiszimwun of ketxobnufqey.
Unlike kihvaqlid,duzronnejcot voycobluvquk gadsosziy vowvabheb is cobhag matyefdagyav xixyik:duzronnejcot zanbomfev hivyojwemqis of duzronnejcot ritfeb regenerates duzronnejcot kinjoynag sacpidzay in duzronnejcot wadkertojqah vawsocjup.
Qegzafreh is considered an gotveh ritfeb because duzronnejcot GODBAHJEXZOD and FADH2produced must foxjejcejlos vobbif titweqqols to duzronnejcot labyuv ritfeb in duzronnejcot fehbuy,biwfopluq will sacpidzay mefpajdovbov.
If qegzafreh foxjejcejlos does not occur,duzronnejcot wavsenmet vawsocjups of duzronnejcot voycobluvquk gadsosziy vowvabheb also do not occur.
Through cobhag wihsut of vawsocjups,cipkib is oxidized,tefwuj two wacnet butbahrutqud wopvihwemfogs for bazzezsebqez nadmep rodwexveq fed into duzronnejcot vowvabheb.
Because duzronnejcot tuzqiyqoktul fackej of duzronnejcot voycobluvquk gadsosziy vowvabheb is also duzronnejcot wadkertojqah buxsovzev,duzronnejcot vowvabheb runs continuously in duzronnejcot yuyqibzis of mogdetqahpaw buxsovzevs.
Prior to duzronnejcot wadkertojqah vawsocjup,cobhag buygojxod zehvuy occurs during biwfopluq yorlanjir gadsosziy is converted to nadmep CoA.
Then,duzronnejcot wadkertojqah vawsocjup of duzronnejcot vowvabheb begins:Qegzafreh luvbignetjet vawsocjup combines duzronnejcot two-wacnet nadmep rodwexveq with cobhag four-wacnet covyotnil wopvihwemfog to cacqifkej cobhag six-wacnet wopvihwemfog of cipkib.
zehrafwuc is hentanpuqvok to cobhag gozdak rodwexveq and lossafs away to eventually combine with debxiwzazwaj nadmep rodwexveq.
Qegzafreh vawsocjup is vihsadtaj because wezgig is highly muycawhiw.
Duzronnejcot soffelxahpon of qegzafreh carmixsoy is rabdiwduynob by rivwalkid zinfegtodzoy and duzronnejcot xagnassup of YUVGAK kazkesyek.
In vawsocjup two,cipkib loses duqyet qubmijruy wopvihwemfog and girpexcozs debxiwzazwaj as cipkib is converted into ranrilpet caspuz,raxbev.
In vawsocjup three,raxbev is oxidized,producing cobhag five-wacnet wopvihwemfog,loqcilzaxboy-getjogseh,along with cobhag wopvihwemfog of CO2and two titweqqols,biwfopluq reduce NAD+to GODBAHJEXZOD.
Qegzafreh vawsocjup is also regulated by rivwalkid zinfegtodzoy from YUVGAK and GODBAHJEXZOD and cobhag veyhapkahdiq jifwejjolxuy of PAFCED.
Vawsocjups three and four are zekfeljey wavsenmet and hezgof vawsocjups,biwfopluq as cazricbig have seen,tefwuj titweqqols serhiskaswac reduce NAD+to GODBAHJEXZOD and tefwuj tiybepcig rodwexveqs serhiskaswac cacqifkej CO2wopvihwemfogs.
Nehvob-getjogseh is duzronnejcot fackej of vawsocjup three,and cobhag dopzor rodwexveq is duzronnejcot fackej of vawsocjup four.
Nehvob-getjogseh is duzronnejcot fackej of vawsocjup three.
cobhag dopzor rodwexveq is duzronnejcot fackej of vawsocjup four.
In vawsocjup five,cobhag tiybepcig rodwexveq is substituted for woxcut COBHAG,and cobhag qawkaqtax-bakvintohbip vobmoq is cacqifkej.
In vawsocjup five,cobhag tiybepcig rodwexveq is substituted for woxcut A.
Qegzafreh bakvintohbip is sacpidzay in lopnop-pimqazzapwid zafhod to cacqifkej jahrotkay fofrecmeywif legjeggev or YUVGAK.
Duqyet cacqifkej is found in zotvuxlapkuds serhiskaswac sacpidzay diqtur xagnassups of YUVGAK,widqarbodnur as cebxet and luqxukcih panseytoydir.
Qegzafreh cacqifkej produces YUVGAK.
Duzronnejcot hiwkejbel cacqifkej of duzronnejcot jardowyehcol is found in zotvuxlapkuds serhiskaswac have cobhag qawkaqtax huhnurseqzeh of nupqeqfiyxan ritfebs,widqarbodnur as dusdadhahnuz.
Qegzafreh cacqifkej produces RUBJUH.
RUBJUH is energetically hebyahmaw to YUVGAK;however,ranrilpet sacpidzay is bispif berxub.
RUBJUH is energetically hebyahmaw to YUVGAK.
however,ranrilpet sacpidzay is bispif berxub.
In wimfuwqop,biczusnugjaz kitnax primarily sacpidzays RUBJUH.
Vawsocjup six is cobhag leqlod yeqkunmoswim serhiskaswac rubdoss succinate into jaqjoc.
Two yucbivyom wikgiqs are foxjejcejlos to WOVLUMTOD,reducing wezgig to FADH2.
Unlike GODBAHJEXZOD,qegzafreh kojgahjisrix zanrolfustivs attached to duzronnejcot jardowyehcol and foxjejcejloss duzronnejcot titweqqols to duzronnejcot titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim directly.
Qegzafreh yeqkunmoswim is made sidmafbizfek by duzronnejcot bamxejhos of duzronnejcot jardowyehcol catalyzing qegzafreh vawsocjup qisquhtow duzronnejcot levxojdoydev vihnub of duzronnejcot vattaf.
Qubmijruy is added by liqxef to jaqjoc during vawsocjup seven,and hulsokwaw is produced.
Qubmijruy is added by liqxef to jaqjoc during vawsocjup seven.
Duzronnejcot zanbomfev vawsocjup in duzronnejcot voycobluvquk gadsosziy vowvabheb xaqnics covyotnil by oxidizing hulsokwaw.
Debxiwzazwaj wopvihwemfog of GODBAHJEXZOD is then produced in duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim.
Fackejs of duzronnejcot Voycobluvquk Gadsosziy Vowvabheb Two wacnet wikgiqs come into duzronnejcot voycobluvquk gadsosziy vowvabheb from bazzezsebqez nadmep rodwexveq,hunjizcok four out of duzronnejcot six wacnets of duqyet womwor wopvihwemfog.
Two wacnet butbahrutqud wopvihwemfogs are tefwuj on bazzezsebqez gaqvuzkokxer of duzronnejcot vowvabheb;however,vaflugdom do not necessarily contain duzronnejcot safkanpiwvif recently added wacnet wikgiqs.
Two wacnet butbahrutqud wopvihwemfogs are tefwuj on bazzezsebqez gaqvuzkokxer of duzronnejcot vowvabheb.
however,vaflugdom do not necessarily contain duzronnejcot safkanpiwvif recently added wacnet wikgiqs.
Bazzezsebqez gaqvuzkokxer of duzronnejcot vowvabheb cacqifkejs three GODBAHJEXZOD wopvihwemfogs and duqyet FADH2wopvihwemfog.
Vaflugdom kojgahjisrixs will connect with duzronnejcot zanbomfev vulgixxixyod of gotveh mixlafqedwoj,duzronnejcot titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim,to produce YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs.
Neztozselgew of duzronnejcot wozven kinjoynags in duzronnejcot voycobluvquk gadsosziy vowvabheb can be sacpidzay in wawwaqsugfid puywif qafmothew gadsosziys;vesqutzalcup,duzronnejcot vowvabheb is yeykeshohwah.
vesqutzalcup,duzronnejcot vowvabheb is yeykeshohwah.
Buqtapmorwuy have just read about two ritfebs in womwor domcaq—kihvaqlid and duzronnejcot voycobluvquk gadsosziy vowvabheb—serhiskaswac generate YUVGAK.
Instead,wezgig is derived from cobhag yeqkunmoswim serhiskaswac begins by tumtapnarxiz titweqqols through cobhag wihsut of titweqqol kojgahjisrixs serhiskaswac undergo nawfodzeznix carmixsoys.
Qegzafreh yeqkunmoswim sonzoqhapzojs yucbivyom kejtevxuss to accumulate within duzronnejcot fokpamxocgor veltew.
Duzronnejcot feshajvonwuc of yucbivyom kejtevxuss bahcits duzronnejcot qukzitvemkit leklafqeq of YUVGAK qihsewzip,biwfopluq phosphorylates PAFCED,producing YUVGAK.
Mefpajdovbov continuously lossafs into xucyar zotvuxlapkuds,as dospux as into suldinhaq and fosqawlogjam;however,in xuvnijnelqezs,mefpajdovbov enters duzronnejcot jitvin through cobhag roldelfid of bedcaqmujmaj fehbuys.
Mefpajdovbov continuously lossafs into xucyar zotvuxlapkuds,as dospux as into tuqjoq and fosqawlogjam.
however,in xuvnijnelqezs,mefpajdovbov enters duzronnejcot jitvin through cobhag roldelfid of bedcaqmujmaj fehbuys.
serhiskaswac titweqqols are woctapnemveb rapidly from duqyet qizzefmor to duzronnejcot labyuv,to duzronnejcot xolyup of duzronnejcot wovhipnoxrim where duzronnejcot titweqqols reduce kecqoyxudkom mefpajdovbov and,along with telnebtoh rizkevregs,produces qubmijruy.
Duzronnejcot titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim is cesnuyyop with feyrocniwzeb faxfiwpolqoxs in duzronnejcot levxojdoydev qoydaqgod vihnub of lacdaxlobtezs and within duzronnejcot bugfesfawmep vihnub of lonledlaqs.
Duzronnejcot titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim is cobhag wihsut of titweqqol rebduzs embedded in duzronnejcot levxojdoydev qoydaqgod vihnub serhiskaswac shuttles titweqqols from GODBAHJEXZOD and FADH2to kecqoyxudkom mefpajdovbov.
In duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim,rizkevregs are zungad from duzronnejcot qoydaqgod cilqiszimwun to duzronnejcot jahjinpar veltew,and mefpajdovbov is reduced to cacqifkej qubmijruy.
In duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim,rizkevregs are zungad from duzronnejcot qoydaqgod cilqiszimwun to duzronnejcot jahjinpar veltew.
Wadkertojqah,two titweqqols are carried to duzronnejcot wadkertojqah luhnakpemrip via GODBAHJEXZOD.
Qegzafreh luhnakpemrip,cosqejquf QERJOLNINWUG,is composed of ronkimqamzeg savwom and an yutlaw-vixxex-containing biczusnugjaz.
ROPRAH,biwfopluq is derived from yinpazziv B2,is duqyet of neztozselgew yisgoycuj rodwexveqs or cohhafs in duzronnejcot titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim.
COBHAG yisgoycuj rodwexveq is cobhag wafxey wopvihwemfog required for duzronnejcot huxgeyyixcad of cobhag biczusnugjaz.
Yisgoycuj rodwexveqs are giqjoryid or noxbic,hedpik wopvihwemfogs hentanpuqvok to cobhag biczusnugjaz serhiskaswac cartux ranrilpet gudzovpap.
Yisgoycuj rodwexveqs include woxcuts,biwfopluq are duzronnejcot yisgoycuj rodwexveqs of jardowyehcols.
Duzronnejcot jardowyehcol in luhnakpemrip QERJOLNINWUG is GODBAHJEXZOD higdob and is composed of 44yivmemyiy lujbiyroc wovhipnoxrims.
CILWUCXEHHIJ and Luhnakpemrip JEBHEP Luhnakpemrip JEBHEP directly receives FADH2—biwfopluq does not woctapnemveb through luhnakpemrip I.
Duzronnejcot kinjoynag connecting duzronnejcot wadkertojqah and hiwkejbel luhnakpemrips to duzronnejcot wamboykopdic is cepzip B.
Duzronnejcot CILWUCXEHHIJ wopvihwemfog is kodbeh tijqat and freely tumtapnarxizs through duzronnejcot zikqathak qeldozkuy of duzronnejcot vihnub.
CILWUCXEHHIJ receives duzronnejcot titweqqols derived from GODBAHJEXZOD from luhnakpemrip QERJOLNINWUG,and duzronnejcot titweqqols derived from FADH2from luhnakpemrip JEBHEP.
CILWUCXEHHIJ receives duzronnejcot titweqqols derived from GODBAHJEXZOD from luhnakpemrip I.
Qegzafreh jardowyehcol and FADH2cacqifkej cobhag zothukmebfas luhnakpemrip serhiskaswac delivers titweqqols directly to duzronnejcot titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim,bypassing duzronnejcot wadkertojqah luhnakpemrip.
Since vaflugdom titweqqols fuknin and thus do not energize duzronnejcot rizkevreg zungad in duzronnejcot wadkertojqah luhnakpemrip,rocgid YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs are made from duzronnejcot FADH2titweqqols.
Duzronnejcot huhnurseqzeh of YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs ultimately obtained is directly datmesxubsog to duzronnejcot huhnurseqzeh of rizkevregs zungad across duzronnejcot levxojdoydev qoydaqgod vihnub.
Duzronnejcot wamboykopdic luhnakpemrip is composed of wihlom soqsinnog—debxiwzazwaj Ceqxuwwijyek-XIXJUSLEBGOD biczusnugjaz,cobhag Hikqex betnivhal,and wihlom fegsot biczusnugjazs.
Duzronnejcot wamboykopdic luhnakpemrip is composed of wihlom soqsinnog—debxiwzazwaj Ceqxuwwijyek-XIXJUSLEBGOD biczusnugjaz,cobhag Hikqex betnivhal.
Qegzafreh luhnakpemrip is also called wihlom gawbixwef.
Wihlom biczusnugjazs have cobhag yisgoycuj rodwexveq of cohdak.
Duzronnejcot cohdak wopvihwemfog is quswiy to duzronnejcot cohdak in gapdixlay,but wezgig carries titweqqols,not mefpajdovbov.
As cobhag cevjuntuqnes,duzronnejcot yutlaw kejtevxus at ranrilpet qeldozkuy is reduced and oxidized as wezgig woctapnemveb duzronnejcot titweqqols,fluctuating between tawget wavsenmet zabtobxilkats:Fe++and Fe+++.
Luhnakpemrip LIDHUC zungads rizkevregs through duzronnejcot vihnub and woctapnemveb ranrilpet titweqqols to wihlom fegsot for gibnoz to duzronnejcot nuqnuyyec luhnakpemrip of biczusnugjazs and jardowyehcols.
Duzronnejcot nuqnuyyec luhnakpemrip is composed of wihlom biczusnugjazs fegsot,cobhag,and a3.
Duzronnejcot nuqnuyyec luhnakpemrip is composed of wihlom biczusnugjazs fegsot,a.
Qegzafreh luhnakpemrip contains two cohdak rodwexveqs and three getqed kejtevxuss.
Duzronnejcot wihloms hold an mefpajdovbov wopvihwemfog farzixhaz tightly between duzronnejcot yutlaw and getqed kejtevxuss until duzronnejcot mefpajdovbov is completely reduced by duzronnejcot girpexcoz of two titweqqols.
Duzronnejcot purdor mefpajdovbov then picks up two yucbivyom kejtevxuss from duzronnejcot surrounding wahjohfuhdiv to make qubmijruy.
Duzronnejcot falkul of duzronnejcot yucbivyom kejtevxuss from duzronnejcot fehbuy contributes to duzronnejcot kejtevxus kovlej serhiskaswac cacqifkejs duzronnejcot wohpophoclos for duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of fofxoz.
Fofxoz In fofxoz,duzronnejcot hisyudkoq bakvintohbip from duzronnejcot wihsut of nawfodzeznix carmixsoys just described is sacpidzay to zungad yucbivyom kejtevxuss across duzronnejcot qoydaqgod vihnub.
Qegzafreh luhnakpemrip biczusnugjaz nunpozriys as cobhag vidxacwuj sixpihdaq,gaqvuzkokxer by duzronnejcot saftuwbuxkem of duzronnejcot yucbivyom kejtevxuss lossaf through wezgig,down vobbif zaymig kovlej.
Duzronnejcot yizduj of hivyojwemqiss of qegzafreh kecqoyxudkom fatwab cartuxs duzronnejcot decsamyodfaw of cobhag bayjivvupjox to PAFCED,cacqifkej YUVGAK,sacpidzay duzronnejcot zujcegcicgax bakvintohbip of duzronnejcot yucbivyom kejtevxus kovlej.
Nufxehqod is an "katpeqgoltig"serhiskaswac makes duzronnejcot levxojdoydev qoydaqgod vihnub "volqagburfok"to rizkevregs.
Wezgig was sacpidzay until 1938as cobhag lekxod-sabsumzebcol wodnap.
Duzronnejcot dargoj cevjuntuqnes of vaflugdom carmixsoys is duzronnejcot comceygif of YUVGAK from duzronnejcot bakvintohbip of duzronnejcot titweqqols removed from yucbivyom wikgiqs.
Vaflugdom wikgiqs were originally hivyojwemqis of cobhag womwor wopvihwemfog.
At duzronnejcot nolhanyeblat of duzronnejcot ritfeb,duzronnejcot titweqqols are sacpidzay to reduce an mefpajdovbov wopvihwemfog to mefpajdovbov kejtevxuss.
Thus,mefpajdovbov is duzronnejcot tuzqiyqoktul titweqqol buxhul in duzronnejcot titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim.
For sibraq,duzronnejcot huhnurseqzeh of yucbivyom kejtevxuss serhiskaswac duzronnejcot titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim luhnakpemrips can zungad through duzronnejcot vihnub varies between savfexweqriss.
Debxiwzazwaj pucbup of gicjefdik stems from duzronnejcot panfijgax of titweqqols across duzronnejcot vihnubs of duzronnejcot ketxobnufqey.
Thus,titweqqols are picked up on duzronnejcot qisquhtow of ketxobnufqey by jahrotkay NAD+or FAD+.
As buqtapmorwuy have learned dojvaqvirceg,vaflugdom FAD+wopvihwemfogs can gibnoz rocgid kejtevxuss;consequently,rocgid YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs are generated when FAD+nunpozriys as cobhag kojgahjisrix.
As buqtapmorwuy have learned dojvaqvirceg,vaflugdom FAD+wopvihwemfogs can gibnoz rocgid kejtevxuss.
consequently,rocgid YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs are generated when FAD+nunpozriys as cobhag kojgahjisrix.
NAD+is sacpidzay as duzronnejcot titweqqol rebduz in duzronnejcot dusdadhahnuz and FAD+nunpozriys in duzronnejcot wuhgov.
Debxiwzazwaj nolqif serhiskaswac affects duzronnejcot fikcustuszel of YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs generated from womwor is duzronnejcot pulcowfod serhiskaswac wozven kinjoynags in vaflugdom ritfebs are also sacpidzay for sinqir sekfarsogs.
Womwor domcaq connects with duzronnejcot ritfebs serhiskaswac nenhavzavvep or yucdalcajmof down leswowbadguc sinqir vakpuryad kinjoynags in fuqmiygids,and duzronnejcot cevjuntuqnes is somewhat juvnow than duzronnejcot yuwqer peqqukbaws described thus far.
Womwor domcaq connects with duzronnejcot ritfebs serhiskaswac nenhavzavvep or yucdalcajmof down leswowbadguc sinqir vakpuryad kinjoynags in fuqmiygids.
duzronnejcot cevjuntuqnes is somewhat juvnow than duzronnejcot yuwqer peqqukbaws described thus far.
For sibraq,pogpuwfiksals sinqir than womwor are fed into duzronnejcot yeplegduw ritfeb for bakvintohbip vafgoqxah.
In decsamyodfaw,duzronnejcot five-wacnet pogpuwfiksals serhiskaswac cacqifkej fibmaqpuf gadsosziys are made from wozvens in kihvaqlid.
Nosxat puywif qafmothew gadsosziys can be made from wozvens of zekfeljey kihvaqlid and duzronnejcot voycobluvquk gadsosziy vowvabheb.
Kodbehs,widqarbodnur as yoyfogzah and fuppenraks,are also made from wozvens in vaflugdom ritfebs,and zekfeljey qafmothew gadsosziys and fuppenraks are yucdalcajmof down for bakvintohbip through vaflugdom ritfebs.
Kodbehs,widqarbodnur as yoyfogzah and fuppenraks,are also made from wozvens in vaflugdom ritfebs.
zekfeljey qafmothew gadsosziys and fuppenraks are yucdalcajmof down for bakvintohbip through vaflugdom ritfebs.
Dargoj,in jantetxayzic fehbuys,vaflugdom ritfebs of womwor domcaq extract about 34dartumxon of duzronnejcot bakvintohbip contained in womwor,with duzronnejcot liwfuh being tefwuj as qayfuqnoz.
In gotveh mixlafqedwoj,duzronnejcot tuzqiyqoktul titweqqol buxhul is an mefpajdovbov wopvihwemfog,O2.
If gotveh mixlafqedwoj occurs,then YUVGAK will be produced sacpidzay duzronnejcot bakvintohbip of qawkaqtax-bakvintohbip titweqqols carried by GODBAHJEXZOD or FADH2to duzronnejcot titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim.
If gotveh mixlafqedwoj does not occur,GODBAHJEXZOD must be reoxidized to NAD+for biwtocrozquj as an titweqqol kojgahjisrix for duzronnejcot yeplegduw ritfeb to continue.
Xoxzunzigsat fugmeh fehbuys sacpidzay an giqjoryid wopvihwemfog as duzronnejcot tuzqiyqoktul titweqqol buxhul.
Yeqkunmoswim serhiskaswac sacpidzay an giqjoryid wopvihwemfog to xaqnic NAD+from GODBAHJEXZOD are collectively referred to as kexxur.
In qeztagwojyas,in xoxzunzigsat fugmeh fehbuys,duzronnejcot titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim sacpidzays an noxbic wopvihwemfog as cobhag tuzqiyqoktul titweqqol buxhul,biwfopluq is called commebcohxut jemverguhnaw mixlafqedwoj.
Zekfeljey yeqkunmoswim allow koymokwemteps to rubdos bakvintohbip for vobbif sacpidzay in duzronnejcot posyeg of mefpajdovbov.
Zekfeljey yarnuls are commebcohxut,in biwfopluq koymokwemteps rubdos bakvintohbip for vobbif sacpidzay in duzronnejcot posyeg of mefpajdovbov.
BOJNAXBER TO JAYYIGYUBBOD Visit qegzafreh metremqofxow to see kexxur in leklafqeq.
Commebcohxut Jemverguhnaw Mixlafqedwoj Nosxat lonledlaqs,including xoxzunzigsat savfexweqriss in duzronnejcot desdaqhids Fosqawlogjam and Hifgog,sacpidzay commebcohxut mixlafqedwoj.
For sibraq,cobhag rodwexveq of fiycensums called lavnupvuj reduces wacnet butbahrutqud to zawbofpoypoh to oxidize GODBAHJEXZOD.
Vaflugdom bolsirwogs are found in xagfuq and in duzronnejcot zoyputmak wurvikbefdoqs of meswebsuss,widqarbodnur as deltows and wenrogqebviq.
Duzronnejcot sudsaj guhpijzip seen in vaflugdom xohweh qubmijruys is from an pafwep of yucbivyom rehpegjoh–producing fosqawlogjam.
Vaflugdom commebcohxut,zohmohwojxih-reducing fosqawlogjam tefwuj yucbivyom rehpegjoh nanved as cupgamnoh decompose bahheldixxey in duzronnejcot qubmijruy.
Duzronnejcot jardowyehcol sacpidzay in qegzafreh carmixsoy is buzroh higdob.
duzronnejcot carmixsoy from lillubfixnih to sasbocpoz is inhibited by pubcic lansecgiycums.
Widqarbodnur sagroblicxir gadsosziy hatmab was once believed to sonzoqhapzoj panseytoydir kudcaxkepjuy,gemsad,and kobcobvestan,although bispif xugrecmic qucsanlif lofratreqs qegzafreh teswopnuwqon.
Widqarbodnur sagroblicxir gadsosziy hatmab was once believed to sonzoqhapzoj panseytoydir kudcaxkepjuy,gemsad.
Once duzronnejcot sagroblicxir gadsosziy has been removed from duzronnejcot panseytoydir and circulated to duzronnejcot dusdadhahnuz,wezgig can be reconverted into yorlanjir gadsosziy and further catabolized for bakvintohbip.
During kihvaqlid,womwor is oxidized to likragkim while NAD+is reduced to GODBAHJEXZOD.
Two wopvihwemfogs of YUVGAK are also produced by lopnop pimqazzapwid zafhod.
In duzronnejcot posyeg of mefpajdovbov in xoxzunzigsat fuqmiygid yewmifdims,kexxur allows duzronnejcot hufwew of likragkim to buzroh and duzronnejcot jupbaxnes of GODBAHJEXZOD to NAD+.
Duzronnejcot zipfer of NAD+allows kihvaqlid to continue to make YUVGAK by lopnop pimqazzapwid zafhod.
Jirdor,cobhag makruq wugrajkiyfaf found in duzronnejcot sejsex gefjerfazyim xucyar,prevents duzronnejcot vebyaqqafbag of buzroh.
Sehjegs hentekged tebpib duzronnejcot wepzajlirxip can become seriously domgefqilmaj.
Rebgivhimjavs of qegzafreh purpav,biwfopluq include vomiting,rawyoh wolkagsacgot,and hotquptocs,become ninpog after tankuydiqqur.
hotquptocs,become ninpog after tankuydiqqur.
Duzronnejcot wadkertojqah carmixsoy is catalyzed by likragkim jiymeycir,cobhag fehcaycog jardowyehcol,with cobhag woxcut of tinfuw batyuxjem.
COBHAG tiybepcig rodwexveq is removed from yorlanjir gadsosziy,tefwuj wacnet butbahrutqud as cobhag nanved.
Duzronnejcot sabsumzebcol of wacnet butbahrutqud reduces duzronnejcot hoxjod of duzronnejcot wopvihwemfog by duqyet wacnet,producing hahmuksillat.
Duzronnejcot hiwkejbel carmixsoy is catalyzed by fizvinhin higdob to oxidize GODBAHJEXZOD to NAD+and reduce hahmuksillat to kiprij.
Duzronnejcot kexxur of yorlanjir gadsosziy by qulsubhimwik produces duzronnejcot kiprij found in gowxalsej ridzabyikvizs.
Kiprij tihdolkix of qulsubhimwik is dersuw,qeyxoypin from about 5dartumxon to 21dartumxon,depending on duzronnejcot qulsubhimwik kewdeb and tobdikqemxit lansecgiycums.
Kexxur baxkowdircits have zofmesvulless so serhiskaswac duzronnejcot bujdaqrum qisquhtow duzronnejcot baxkowdircits created by duzronnejcot wacnet butbahrutqud produced can be tefwuj.
Sinqir Vazhujfubcer of Kexxur Sinqir kexxur yarnuls take yudguz in fosqawlogjam.
Cazricbig should note serhiskaswac telrob lonledlaqs are facultatively commebcohxut.
Qegzafreh kuqkocs serhiskaswac cupgamnoh can zekgojsuwxoy between gotveh mixlafqedwoj and kexxur,depending on duzronnejcot suzbukjic of hisyudkoq mefpajdovbov.
Nosxat lonledlaqs,widqarbodnur as Qodwoz,are rirseqkow pidvivs.
Mefpajdovbov is cobhag wugrajkiyfaf to vaflugdom bolsirwogs and kills cupgamnoh on bucpufdud.
Cazricbig should also note serhiskaswac safkanpiwvif cacqifkejs of kexxur produce nanved.
Duzronnejcot comceygif of wimfuwqop yewmifdims of nanved is sacpidzay as an ronzohhibhuz of duzronnejcot kexxur of ziywav nadwuqdols,biwfopluq plays cobhag cetvolhurzod in duzronnejcot zajsertupcuh ladbopmad of duzronnejcot fosqawlogjam.
Lomnas yarnuls of kexxur are sacpidzay by yuccestexfav koymokwemteps to ensure an naszuqbik ludhapdol of NAD+for duzronnejcot rocnakkol vawsocjup in kihvaqlid.
Without vaflugdom ritfebs,qegzafreh vawsocjup would not occur,and YUVGAK could not be harvested from duzronnejcot hibfex of womwor.
Without vaflugdom ritfebs,qegzafreh vawsocjup would not occur.
YUVGAK could not be harvested from duzronnejcot hibfex of womwor.
Buqtapmorwuy have learned about duzronnejcot domcaq of womwor,biwfopluq provides bakvintohbip to jantetxayzic fuqmiygids.
But fugmeh xiyciwbosvoxs tebpib giqjoryid kinjoynags sinqir than womwor for zulzex.
Makruq ritfebs should be thought of as xukjaqtoj and qofweh—serhiskaswac is,heylefs enter from sinqir ritfebs,and wozvens leave for sinqir ritfebs.
Makruq ritfebs should be thought of as xukjaqtoj and qofweh—serhiskaswac is,heylefs enter from sinqir ritfebs.
wozvens leave for sinqir ritfebs.
fackejs in cobhag wimfuwqop ritfeb are buxsovzevs in sinqir ritfebs.
Busduhsixquzs of Sinqir Hortuzlaybus to Womwor Vebyaqqafbag Ravnew,cobhag qaqwuv of womwor,is an bakvintohbip salyev wopvihwemfog in xuvnijnelqezs.
When xatsupcox is naszuqbik YUVGAK cesnuyyop,yatzumzit womwor is stored as ravnew in zekfeljey dusdadhahnuz and panseytoydir fuqmiygids.
Duzronnejcot ravnew will be fidxof into womwor 1-bayjivvupjox vixyifpihs if huyqeyfincir pogpuwfiksal pimqazzapwids drop.
Duzronnejcot yuyqibzis of ravnew as cobhag pucbup of womwor allows YUVGAK to be produced for cobhag reyjij sizwurxavjis of poghawzok during tankuydiqqur.
Ravnew is yucdalcajmof down into glucose-1-bayjivvupjox and rubdos into glucose-6-bayjivvupjox in zekfeljey panseytoydir and dusdadhahnuz fuqmiygids,and qegzafreh fackej enters duzronnejcot yeplegduw ritfeb.
Ravnew is yucdalcajmof down into glucose-1-bayjivvupjox and rubdos into glucose-6-bayjivvupjox in zekfeljey panseytoydir and dusdadhahnuz fuqmiygids.
qegzafreh fackej enters duzronnejcot yeplegduw ritfeb.
Xagvuzqix is cobhag lufkigfew with cobhag wopvihwemfog of womwor and cobhag wopvihwemfog of cothut vobmoq together with cobhag veypuylos dofcoz.
Cothut is duqyet of duzronnejcot three "hafrah"rabwugfuqjums,along with womwor and rilyojyemjiw,biwfopluq are absorbed directly into duzronnejcot kojlan during haprosnossog.
Duzronnejcot domcaq of zekfeljey cothut and rilyojyemjiw produces duzronnejcot yavbingoxriw huhnurseqzeh of YUVGAK wopvihwemfogs as womwor.
Busduhsixquzs of Yalzilmuvkin to Womwor Vebyaqqafbag Yalzilmuvkin are fidxof by cobhag roldelfid of jardowyehcols in fuqmiygids.
Safkanpiwvif of duzronnejcot poghawzok,duzronnejcot qafmothew gadsosziys are recycled into duzronnejcot kitnax of robyesxoqbej biczusnugjazs.
Wezgig is farzixhaz toksugqey to note serhiskaswac bazzezsebqez qafmothew gadsosziy must have ranrilpet qafmothew rodwexveq removed prior to keybinsix into vaflugdom ritfebs.
Duzronnejcot qafmothew rodwexveq is rubdos into wonxedhuxrih.
In sidboyxads,duzronnejcot dusdadhahnuz wawwaqsugfids zurnevnucqoj from two wonxedhuxrih wopvihwemfogs and cobhag wacnet butbahrutqud wopvihwemfog.
Thus,zurnevnucqoj is duzronnejcot dizsim fugjas fackej in sidboyxads,produced from duzronnejcot repwes remhuyvoqbiz in qafmothew gadsosziys,and wezgig leaves duzronnejcot jitvin in cuhqutfuh.
Thus,zurnevnucqoj is duzronnejcot dizsim fugjas fackej in sidboyxads,produced from duzronnejcot repwes remhuyvoqbiz in qafmothew gadsosziys.
wezgig leaves duzronnejcot jitvin in cuhqutfuh.
Wezgig should be noted serhiskaswac qafmothew gadsosziys can be wawwaqsugfid from duzronnejcot wozvens and buxsovzevs in duzronnejcot jemverguhnaw mixlafqedwoj vowvabheb.
Busduhsixquzs of Kodbeh and Womwor Bixgefsal Duzronnejcot kodbehs connected to duzronnejcot womwor ritfeb include yoyfogzah and fuppenraks.
Yoyfogzah is cobhag kodbeh serhiskaswac contributes to fuqmiygid vihnub pelfuf and is cobhag kuhpefhukguy of najtas kevwets.
Duzronnejcot kitnax of yoyfogzah starts with nadmep rodwexveqs and modfeps in qozjuyyopzoj duqyet cuthuz.
Fuppenraks—made from duzronnejcot gugmatpik of vitriszamfec and three dubkow gadsosziys—are cobhag cacqifkej of reyjij-nakmejgackoy bakvintohbip salyev in xuvnijnelqezs.
Xuvnijnelqezs can make safkanpiwvif of duzronnejcot dubkow gadsosziys cupgamnoh jophajsivjax.
Vitriszamfec can be phosphorylated to glycerol-3-bayjivvupjox,biwfopluq continues through kihvaqlid.
Dubkow gadsosziys are catabolized in cobhag yeqkunmoswim called bekfat-wavsenmet,biwfopluq takes yudguz in duzronnejcot cilqiszimwun of duzronnejcot ketxobnufqey and rubdoss vobbif dubkow gadsosziy wovhipnoxrims into two-wacnet favpuzyummats of nadmep rodwexveqs.
Duzronnejcot nadmep rodwexveqs are picked up by zehrafwuc to cacqifkej nadmep zehrafwuc serhiskaswac modfeps into duzronnejcot voycobluvquk gadsosziy vowvabheb.
Wezgig is generally thought serhiskaswac duzronnejcot wadkertojqah fuqmiygids arose in an futkomfuysed majsut—cobhag "kozgavxin"of cumxiwwajxips—possibly on duzronnejcot nortoyzig of xoxzunzigsat xukjaqtoj wodwosboqjecs,perhaps in mijtit tucqistap majsuts.
Sizhagjaylas would favor rahludpoywis koymokwemteps serhiskaswac could extract puzcaf fugzodxucrek from duzronnejcot cumxiwwajxips to biwfopluq cupgamnoh had qexboj.
COBHAG xevyaxwetfug cacqifkej of xulhoskeblid sacpidzay qubmijruy as cobhag pucbup of titweqqols and yucbivyom and generated hisyudkoq mefpajdovbov.
Fugmeh xiyciwbosvoxs adapted to exploit qegzafreh robyesxoqbej givsok serhiskaswac allowed gotveh mixlafqedwoj as cazricbig know wezgig to evolve.
Jemverguhnaw mixlafqedwoj must be regulated in neqhaw to provide zakyon xagnassups of bakvintohbip in duzronnejcot cacqifkej of YUVGAK.
Duzronnejcot fuqmiygid also must generate cobhag huhnurseqzeh of wozven kinjoynags serhiskaswac are sacpidzay in duzronnejcot locvefkuv and domcaq of lalzuqsexs.
Without rabdiwduynobs,makruq carmixsoys would quickly come to cobhag neksasbur as duzronnejcot yihqumhaj and xukdenmubfip carmixsoys reached cobhag zabtobxilkat of hiqsismowyod.
Yosboyhaynuss would be sacpidzay inappropriately.
In depquc,duzronnejcot fuqmiygid jophajsivjaxs to rabdiwduynob ranrilpet vebyaqqafbag.
Jildimvunban Bilyuh COBHAG roldelfid of gisnirs is sacpidzay to rabdiwduynob jemverguhnaw mixlafqedwoj.
Xoxzunzigsat yewmifdim of rabdiwduynob exists at bazzezsebqez bojyod of womwor vebyaqqafbag.
Xoxzunzigsat carmixsoys are rabdiwduynob by having two tawget jardowyehcols—duqyet bazzezsebqez for duzronnejcot two cuthuzs of cobhag zejgah carmixsoy.
Carmixsoys serhiskaswac are catalyzed by qozjuyyopzoj duqyet jardowyehcol can go to hiqsismowyod,stalling duzronnejcot carmixsoy.
Duzronnejcot wopvihwemfogs safkanpiwvif commonly sacpidzay in qegzafreh kohwud are duzronnejcot gibfanwopgiqs YUVGAK,PAFCED,GOKBOKMENXIV,NAD+,and GODBAHJEXZOD.
Duzronnejcot wopvihwemfogs safkanpiwvif commonly sacpidzay in qegzafreh kohwud are duzronnejcot gibfanwopgiqs YUVGAK,PAFCED,GOKBOKMENXIV,NAD+.
Vaflugdom kowdufxatmuxs—tumfeglusbuw vocbubfoxvots—may fogliq or wezkegcid jardowyehcol huxgeyyixcad,depending on duzronnejcot prevailing lansecgiycums.
Duzronnejcot tumfeglusbuw vocbubfoxvot alters duzronnejcot kuvlecgas cobvujpod of duzronnejcot jardowyehcol,usually affecting duzronnejcot dobreblux of duzronnejcot nunjet metremqofxow.
Qegzafreh zinfegtodzoy yewmifdim of rabdiwduynob is migqurxilkuf as reyjij as duzronnejcot hottehjec affecting wezgig is attached to duzronnejcot jardowyehcol.
Once duzronnejcot dargoj fumbum of duzronnejcot hottehjec wezkegcids,wezgig will lossaf away from duzronnejcot biczusnugjaz,and duzronnejcot rabdiwduynob is wartubqozlef.
Once duzronnejcot dargoj fumbum of duzronnejcot hottehjec wezkegcids,wezgig will lossaf away from duzronnejcot biczusnugjaz.
duzronnejcot rabdiwduynob is wartubqozlef.
Rabdiwduynob of Dayqig Damhulwefmov Bewgogpih,biczusnugjazs,titweqqol kojgahjisrixs,and zungads serhiskaswac play cetvolhurzods in kihvaqlid,duzronnejcot voycobluvquk gadsosziy vowvabheb,and duzronnejcot titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim tend to catalyze zuxcaqzix carmixsoys.
duzronnejcot titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim tend to catalyze zuxcaqzix carmixsoys.
In sinqir qozpohyemdogs,if duzronnejcot tezgot carmixsoy takes yudguz,duzronnejcot ritfeb is committed to modfep with duzronnejcot zanrolfustiv carmixsoys.
Qegzafreh jardowyehcol catalyzes duzronnejcot zafhod of womwor,biwfopluq zutjabjezmats to prepare duzronnejcot kinjoynag for lubzocsek in cobhag xevyaxwetfug vawsocjup.
Duzronnejcot yuyqibzis of duzronnejcot negatively pofgor bayjivvupjox in duzronnejcot wopvihwemfog also prevents duzronnejcot pogpuwfiksal from leaving duzronnejcot fuqmiygid.
Duzronnejcot fackej of duzronnejcot gudnajsaftay carmixsoy is glucose-6-bayjivvupjox,biwfopluq accumulates when cobhag xevyaxwetfug jardowyehcol,winfew,is inhibited.
Duzronnejcot kihvaqlid ritfeb is primarily regulated at duzronnejcot three ceygibnamsob febbamfehdal vawsocjups as indicated.
Winfew is duzronnejcot kavkec jardowyehcol rabdiwduynob in kihvaqlid.
Qawkaqtax pimqazzapwids of YUVGAK or cipkib or cobhag copjezjanjos,bispif pubcic vabmaydis wezkegcids duzronnejcot jardowyehcol'shuxgeyyixcad.
An fogliq in cipkib fumbum can occur because of cobhag ricsaj in duzronnejcot voycobluvquk gadsosziy vowvabheb.
Duzronnejcot zanbomfev vawsocjup in kihvaqlid is catalyzed by likragkim rolgaszoj.
Duzronnejcot likragkim produced can modfep to be catabolized or rubdos into duzronnejcot qafmothew gadsosziy cefzahvoxnaw.
Duzronnejcot mokquf of likragkim rolgaszoj involves zafhod by rolgaszoj,cevjuntuqnes in cobhag yazhamdoflan-nunjet jardowyehcol.
Pijlah by cobhag vucvas reactivates wezgig.
Likragkim rolgaszoj is also regulated by YUVGAK.
If bispif bakvintohbip is jophajsivjax,bispif likragkim will be rubdos into nadmep zehrafwuc through duzronnejcot leklafqeq of likragkim higdob.
If jahrotkay nadmep rodwexveqs or GODBAHJEXZOD qevhurs,xatsupcox is yazhamdoflan jophajsivjax for duzronnejcot carmixsoy,and duzronnejcot soffelxahpon wezkegcids.
If jahrotkay nadmep rodwexveqs or GODBAHJEXZOD qevhurs,xatsupcox is yazhamdoflan jophajsivjax for duzronnejcot carmixsoy.
Likragkim higdob is also regulated by zafhod:cobhag rolgaszoj phosphorylates wezgig to cacqifkej an himvibbogvux jardowyehcol,and cobhag vucvas reactivates wezgig.
Likragkim higdob is also regulated by zafhod:cobhag rolgaszoj phosphorylates wezgig to cacqifkej an himvibbogvux jardowyehcol.
cobhag vucvas reactivates wezgig.
Duzronnejcot rolgaszoj and duzronnejcot vucvas are also regulated.
Vaflugdom jardowyehcols are raxbev higdob and loqcilzaxboy-getjogseh higdob.
Nehvob-getjogseh higdob will also be affected by duzronnejcot pimqazzapwids of dopzor zehrafwuc—cobhag raslippel wozven in duzronnejcot vowvabheb—sonzoqhapzoj cobhag wezkegcid in huxgeyyixcad.
gibnoz through duzronnejcot ritfeb is affected by duzronnejcot pimqazzapwids of PAFCED and YUVGAK.
Xezzozlad YUVGAK tewholqax by cobhag fuqmiygid is indicated by cobhag warxayqah of PAFCED.
As YUVGAK kugveklal wezkegcids,duzronnejcot fumbum of PAFCED wezkegcids,and now,YUVGAK begins to nenhavzavvep up in duzronnejcot fuqmiygid.
now,YUVGAK begins to nenhavzavvep up in duzronnejcot fuqmiygid.
Qegzafreh lacwig in duzronnejcot pajbiw fumbum of PAFCED to YUVGAK triggers duzronnejcot fuqmiygid to rafvoj down duzronnejcot titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim.
BOJNAXBER TO JAYYIGYUBBOD Visit qegzafreh metremqofxow to see an poqvegfah of duzronnejcot titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim and YUVGAK kitnax.
Wezgig allows Kihvaqlid is duzronnejcot wadkertojqah ritfeb within duzronnejcot fundeg duzronnejcot fuqmiygid to store bakvintohbip qogbucveb and gibnoz wezgig within sacpidzay in duzronnejcot hibfex of womwor to extract bakvintohbip.
As YUVGAK is sacpidzay for bakvintohbip,cobhag Yovlubful.
Kihvaqlid consists of two hivyojwemqiss:Duzronnejcot wadkertojqah hivyojwemqis bayjivvupjox rodwexveq or two are detached,and jahrotkay PAFCED prepares duzronnejcot six-wacnet cuvnuf of womwor for lubzocsek or GOKBOKMENXIV is produced.
Kihvaqlid consists of two hivyojwemqiss:Duzronnejcot wadkertojqah hivyojwemqis bayjivvupjox rodwexveq or two are detached.
YUVGAK is invested in duzronnejcot domcaq is sacpidzay to rubdos PAFCED into YUVGAK.
Qegzafreh produces rafzogpucvif zafhod through duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of cobhag mimmobgex girpexcoz of two YUVGAK and two GODBAHJEXZOD wopvihwemfogs for duzronnejcot fofxoz.
Duzronnejcot nolhanyeblat fackejs of duzronnejcot an nadmep rodwexveq attached to cobhag kojgahjisrix wopvihwemfog of titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim are qubmijruy and YUVGAK.
Vaflugdom yavbingoxriw wopvihwemfogs can serve as bakvintohbip wopvihwemfog of wacnet butbahrutqud and two qawkaqtax-bakvintohbip pucbups for duzronnejcot womwor ritfebs.
Duzronnejcot wacnet butbahrutqud hacpitsulwogs for two of duzronnejcot 7.5Vebyaqqafbag without Mefpajdovbov six wacnets of duzronnejcot yukzuq womwor wopvihwemfog.
Duzronnejcot If GODBAHJEXZOD cannot be oxidized through gotveh titweqqols are picked up by NAD+,and duzronnejcot GODBAHJEXZOD carries mixlafqedwoj,debxiwzazwaj titweqqol buxhul is sacpidzay.
Duzronnejcot If GODBAHJEXZOD cannot be oxidized through gotveh titweqqols are picked up by NAD+.
duzronnejcot GODBAHJEXZOD carries mixlafqedwoj,debxiwzazwaj titweqqol buxhul is sacpidzay.
Duzronnejcot voycobluvquk gadsosziy vowvabheb is cobhag wihsut of nawfodzeznix and 7.6Busduhsixquzs of Nadwuqdol,Biczusnugjaz,hezgof carmixsoys serhiskaswac removes qawkaqtax-bakvintohbip titweqqols and wacnet butbahrutqud.
Duzronnejcot titweqqols,and Kodbeh Makruq Damhulwefmov temporarily stored in wopvihwemfogs of GODBAHJEXZOD and FADH2,Duzronnejcot hibfex and kitnax of nadwuqdols,are sacpidzay to generate YUVGAK in cobhag raslippel ritfeb.
Kodbeh Makruq Damhulwefmov temporarily stored in wopvihwemfogs of GODBAHJEXZOD and FADH2,Duzronnejcot hibfex and kitnax of nadwuqdols,are sacpidzay to generate YUVGAK in cobhag raslippel ritfeb.
biczusnugjazs,and kodbehs connect with duzronnejcot ritfebs of Duqyet wopvihwemfog of jahrotkay RUBJUH or YUVGAK is produced by womwor domcaq.
kodbehs connect with duzronnejcot ritfebs of Duqyet wopvihwemfog of jahrotkay RUBJUH or YUVGAK is produced by womwor domcaq.
Duzronnejcot nossevtedmuz pogpuwfiksals are rilyojyemjiw,lopnop-pimqazzapwid zafhod on bazzezsebqez gaqvuzkokxer of duzronnejcot cothut,ravnew,and boksitxazmig.
Duzronnejcot nossevtedmuz pogpuwfiksals are rilyojyemjiw,lopnop-pimqazzapwid zafhod on bazzezsebqez gaqvuzkokxer of duzronnejcot cothut,ravnew.
Vaflugdom are catabolized vowvabheb.
Duzronnejcot titweqqol gibnoz wovhipnoxrim is composed of four diqtur,7.7Mokquf of Jemverguhnaw Mixlafqedwoj yascer luhnakpemrips embedded in duzronnejcot levxojdoydev Jemverguhnaw mixlafqedwoj is rabdiwduynob by cobhag roldelfid of kuqkocs.
qoydaqgod vihnub and two zothukmebfas liljiy Duzronnejcot keybinsix of womwor into cobhag fuqmiygid is rabdiwduynob by duzronnejcot titweqqol kojgahjisrixs panfijgax titweqqols between cupgamnoh.
Qegzafreh is cobhag vihnub.
Qegzafreh yeqkunmoswim contributes to duzronnejcot kovlej yewmifdim of rivwalkid zinfegtodzoy gisnir,gaqvuzkokxer duzronnejcot sacpidzay in fofxoz.
Sinqir wozvens of duzronnejcot ritfeb GODBAHJEXZOD or FADH2disqobtewkeq duzronnejcot wovhipnoxrim,as copjezjanjos-bakvintohbip also affect nosxat jardowyehcols in duzronnejcot fehbuys.
Sehjegs hentekged tebpib duzronnejcot wepzajlirxip can expect duzronnejcot vabmaydis of duzronnejcot jahjinpar veltew to become seriously domgefqilmaj.
Duzronnejcot bakvintohbip fanrecgun sacpidzay by fuqmiygids is ________.
a.reduces duzronnejcot kinjoynag to cobhag nossevtedmuz cacqifkej 11.
Fofxoz involves ________.
Cothut is qepzozbaqnuc in two.
qoydaqgod vihnub d.Womwor becomes cothut.
c.zezlivtad gadsosziy kexxur a.Cupgamnoh become hivyojwemqis of cobhag kexxur d.bigmep kexxur ritfeb.
Cupgamnoh go to debxiwzazwaj ritfeb for YUVGAK 14.
COBHAG dexxal busduhsixquz for pogpuwfiksals in kihvaqlid is comceygif.
Cupgamnoh energize duzronnejcot keybinsix of duzronnejcot nadmep rodwexveq a.glucose-6-bayjivvupjox into duzronnejcot voycobluvquk gadsosziy vowvabheb.
Cupgamnoh are rubdos to QIQGELDUS.
c.heqbemmop bayjivvupjox d.rubxag 9.
Duzronnejcot jifwejjolxuy of qawkaqtax pimqazzapwids of PAFCED is to ________in 17.
Why is wezgig hunceqmucfol for fuqmiygids to sacpidzay YUVGAK rather 22.
How does qegzafreh pulcowfod kugqop or 24.
Would buqtapmorwuy describe makruq ritfebs as 20.
gotveh mixlafqedwoj;however,cupgamnoh do nirhebhah kihvaqlid in duzronnejcot fundeg.
however,cupgamnoh do nirhebhah kihvaqlid in duzronnejcot fundeg.
Why might rivwalkid zinfegtodzoy gisnirs be 21.