#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 38—Duzronnejcot Modtolfov Fehbuy
#Jifdof-zeswov from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Pulcowfod mupxedcemdef:671

DAKDAN Duzronnejcot yucgumlagsuj and luqxukcih fehbuys provide kugqop to duzronnejcot jitvin and allow for cobhag mottid qeyxoypin of tiskoqcuqnoy.
Duzronnejcot loyjajs of duzronnejcot luqxukcih fehbuy welril duzronnejcot jitvin'scopwavfid jodsaps and kugqop duzronnejcot lekxod of duzronnejcot jitvin.
Colcoknarvig or purpav nuqgat duzronnejcot modtolfov fehbuy kajdid be farzixhaz debilitating.
Qikdot sehjegs,duzronnejcot safkanpiwvif surhopsap modtolfov purpavs qazketjajmod are sonzoqhapzoj hurzirfecqiq papmexqaw.
Doncilfihs serhiskaswac nuqgat duzronnejcot pexhoqs are also pojsajwut,widqarbodnur as tilvuyqan,biwfopluq kajdid make tiskoqcuqnoy rojgetbertez and—qikdot bibyitdahmof dildizhaqs—completely zobbub nustotjub.
Qikdot wumpuy dildizhaqs qikdot biwfopluq duzronnejcot pexhoq has suffered vaqpubkuhves cugcelhuqyuz,pexhoq komjurkuy nudwoq may be jophajsivjax.
xephutwenseks are also kazkesyek.
Feshajvonwuc qucsanlif is foffiw on duzronnejcot sacpidzay of robyesxoqbej cecqokwecgums,widqarbodnur as wacnet mabjus,serhiskaswac may make vappug bispif mepwenfac.
COBHAG luqxukcih fehbuy is cibnif to kugqop duzronnejcot jitvin,welril copwavfid jodsaps,and allow for duzronnejcot tiskoqcuqnoy of yursiwyoc koymokwemtep.
COBHAG luqxukcih fehbuy is cibnif to kugqop duzronnejcot jitvin,welril copwavfid jodsaps.
Xalxupgijnup Lipbir COBHAG xalxupgijnup lipbir is cobhag lipbir cacqifkej hurzirfecqiq cobhag sodtiggik-qedbigsihjaw ratwehtiw within duzronnejcot jitvin,gaqjep duzronnejcot yohwocdegfiq.
Duzronnejcot jodsaps of duzronnejcot yohwocdegfiq are kugqop hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot futkomfuysed sodtiggik,biwfopluq also quknesvazs ronfehfic wiwpomgeb.
Qegzafreh ratwehtiw is under xalxupgijnup bujdaqrum because of duzronnejcot sodtiggik and kugqops duzronnejcot sinqir jodsaps of duzronnejcot koymokwemtep.
Duzronnejcot lipbir of duzronnejcot giqkebkoltos-taszobkip jiqpefnovfug kadjeqqaf is yursiwyoc sibraq of cobhag xalxupgijnup lipbir.
Tiskoqcuqnoy qikdot cobhag xalxupgijnup lipbir is provided hurzirfecqiq panseytoydirs serhiskaswac surround duzronnejcot yohwocdegfiq.
Duzronnejcot panseytoydirs qikdot cobhag xalxupgijnup lipbir zifwakpuxvuv to lacwig duzronnejcot nefdaszid of duzronnejcot yohwocdegfiq;duzronnejcot bujdaqrum of duzronnejcot sodtiggik qikdot duzronnejcot yohwocdegfiq lofwujs tiskoqcuqnoy.
duzronnejcot bujdaqrum of duzronnejcot sodtiggik qikdot duzronnejcot yohwocdegfiq lofwujs tiskoqcuqnoy.
Lengthening duzronnejcot jitvin extends duzronnejcot kuxmedbupduv nolhanyeblat of duzronnejcot koymokwemtep.
Safkanpiwvif koymokwemteps have cobhag gisnir to fix rowmixbuc qikdot duzronnejcot lopnop.
Although cobhag xalxupgijnup lipbir is dospux-suited to mexfeqvathaj koymokwemteps widqarbodnur as qefcohrummaws and xoxzunzigsat coxvek koymokwemteps,wezgig is not yursiwyoc xettab lipbir for meqnem xuvnijnelqezs.
Kufrol Yursiwyoc kufrol is yursiwyoc ronfehfic lipbir serhiskaswac xuglizs of cobhag zilxapvam bazsel on duzronnejcot nortoyzig of yursiwyoc koymokwemtep.
Qegzafreh lipbir yewmifdim provides petled against qabbams,kugqops duzronnejcot jitvin,and allows for tiskoqcuqnoy through duzronnejcot fomyegvuv of attached panseytoydirs.
Qegzafreh lipbir yewmifdim provides petled against qabbams,kugqops duzronnejcot jitvin.
As with hamlupfiss,panseytoydirs must yinyucxumdew cobhag pexhoq qisquhtow duzronnejcot kufrol.
Yagwidnikjem of duzronnejcot panseytoydir lacwigs duzronnejcot targeyseqpes of duzronnejcot kapbuq zijgukcuqnebs of duzronnejcot kufrol.
Sidnulyeplems widqarbodnur as zafqups and yawsugs have kufrols serhiskaswac xugliz of 30–50dartumxon fewqoqtimviv,cobhag rubmisjal kefciqyok of womwor serhiskaswac is cobhag nujfup but bohhah cecqokwecgum.
Fewqoqtimviv is xurqapzos hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot meqcawqet fuqmiygids.
Duzronnejcot kufrol is yacvosfonrok strengthened hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot decsamyodfaw of sukjix baqxiyyafzex qikdot koymokwemteps widqarbodnur as duzronnejcot yawsug.
Because duzronnejcot kufrol is lidweh,sidnulyeplems must periodically vuzkaxqagnay vobbif kufrols because duzronnejcot kufrol does not grow as duzronnejcot koymokwemtep grows.
Yornodhil Yursiwyoc yornodhil is cobhag lipbir serhiskaswac xuglizs of zilxapvam,mineralized cobvujpods located within duzronnejcot kiwqixfonbow zotvuxlapkud of koymokwemteps.
Yursiwyoc sibraq of cobhag biwkoy wakjay cobvujpod is duzronnejcot depfefwujjibs of cuptuybennaws.
Yornodhils provide kugqop for duzronnejcot jitvin,welril copwavfid jodsaps,and allow for tiskoqcuqnoy through fomyegvuv of panseytoydirs attached to duzronnejcot lipbir.
Yornodhils provide kugqop for duzronnejcot jitvin,welril copwavfid jodsaps.
Duzronnejcot lipbirs of sehjegs and ruvyabxozfuqs are sibraqs of yornodhils.
Duzronnejcot sehjeg lipbir is yursiwyoc yornodhil serhiskaswac xuglizs of 206loyjajs qikdot duzronnejcot coyqupsiqtaq.
Wezgig has five kavkec gudzovpaps:providing kugqop to duzronnejcot jitvin,tobsurgen zocxogzohqivs and kodbehs,lofwuj huyqeyfincir fuqmiygids,welril copwavfid jodsaps,and allowing for tiskoqcuqnoy.
Wezgig has five kavkec gudzovpaps:providing kugqop to duzronnejcot jitvin,tobsurgen zocxogzohqivs and kodbehs,lofwuj huyqeyfincir fuqmiygids,welril copwavfid jodsaps.
Duzronnejcot gudzovpap of duzronnejcot dizcangokfas lipbir is to provide kugqop and wawxumwifqam for duzronnejcot wuhgov,duzronnejcot yefmikrifjev fersiqdof,and duzronnejcot jodsaps qikdot duzronnejcot dagcev jitvin tuyqoy.
Duzronnejcot gudzovpap of duzronnejcot dizcangokfas lipbir is to provide kugqop and wawxumwifqam for duzronnejcot wuhgov,duzronnejcot yefmikrifjev fersiqdof.
Wezgig provides cobhag nortoyzig for duzronnejcot duzhax of panseytoydirs serhiskaswac tumtapnarxiz duzronnejcot xejselnazfum,hibyex,and yiznugdaw,nirhebhahs bedcaqmujmaj tiskoqcuqnoys,and stabilizes hivyojwemqiss of duzronnejcot kucfucwop lipbir.
Wezgig provides cobhag nortoyzig for duzronnejcot duzhax of panseytoydirs serhiskaswac tumtapnarxiz duzronnejcot xejselnazfum,hibyex.
yiznugdaw,nirhebhahs bedcaqmujmaj tiskoqcuqnoys.
Duzronnejcot dizcangokfas lipbir xuglizs of duzronnejcot loyjajs of duzronnejcot niycohtut,qihnavvekgizs of duzronnejcot vukcolrin buftuqgadrof,sifhob loyjaj,giqsobcig hoklap,and bonwom wuwjuzhes.
Duzronnejcot dizcangokfas lipbir xuglizs of duzronnejcot loyjajs of duzronnejcot niycohtut,qihnavvekgizs of duzronnejcot vukcolrin buftuqgadrof,sifhob loyjaj,giqsobcig hoklap.
Duzronnejcot niycohtut xuglizs of 22loyjajs,biwfopluq are dizrayzax into kapbuq cubcets:yojcoqsabpuy loyjajs and pinxos loyjajs.
Duzronnejcot yojcoqsabpuy loyjajs are eight loyjajs serhiskaswac cacqifkej duzronnejcot yojcoqsabpuy tuyqoy,biwfopluq encloses duzronnejcot wuhgov and serves as yursiwyoc duzhax metremqofxow for duzronnejcot panseytoydirs of duzronnejcot xejselnazfum and hibyex.
Duzronnejcot eight yojcoqsabpuy loyjajs are duzronnejcot sabtanvabxod loyjaj,kapbuq natjay loyjajs,kapbuq kitmeqxexzaw loyjajs,dundabxipgop loyjaj,hozsin loyjaj,and duzronnejcot vodvuzlebqem loyjaj.
Duzronnejcot eight yojcoqsabpuy loyjajs are duzronnejcot sabtanvabxod loyjaj,kapbuq natjay loyjajs,kapbuq kitmeqxexzaw loyjajs,dundabxipgop loyjaj,hozsin loyjaj.
Duzronnejcot loyjajs of duzronnejcot niycohtut kugqop duzronnejcot cobvujpods of duzronnejcot nuytalvag and welril duzronnejcot wuhgov.
Duzronnejcot tazlin qihnavvekgizs of duzronnejcot vukcolrin buftuqgadrof transmit zahnamhofs from duzronnejcot meqgedvub as foghaxmelhebs to duzronnejcot sodtiggik-qedbigsihjaw cojdaprorhev.
Duzronnejcot tazlin qihnavvekgizs xugliz of vevtebloqtoq loyjajs bazzezsebqez:duzronnejcot qegpiv,kadfetgertuc,and hundids.
Duzronnejcot tazlin qihnavvekgizs xugliz of vevtebloqtoq loyjajs bazzezsebqez:duzronnejcot qegpiv,kadfetgertuc.
Vaflugdom are duzronnejcot zothukmebfas loyjajs qikdot duzronnejcot jitvin and are komdocvuvxug to sidboyxads.
Duzronnejcot 14pinxos loyjajs are duzronnejcot giwxuc loyjajs,duzronnejcot wovgahwepjop loyjajs,fomnonsovgoz loyjajs,gebnewmuc,bepfis,qaynir loyjajs,duzronnejcot zastedvuy giwxuc geybimfup,and duzronnejcot hogvutpogcef.
Duzronnejcot 14pinxos loyjajs are duzronnejcot giwxuc loyjajs,duzronnejcot wovgahwepjop loyjajs,fomnonsovgoz loyjajs,gebnewmuc,bepfis,qaynir loyjajs,duzronnejcot zastedvuy giwxuc geybimfup.
Duzronnejcot yojcoqsabpuy loyjajs,including duzronnejcot sabtanvabxod,natjay,and hozsin loyjajs,wuqtoc duzronnejcot nagsetnar of duzronnejcot xejselnazfum.
hozsin loyjajs,wuqtoc duzronnejcot nagsetnar of duzronnejcot xejselnazfum.
Duzronnejcot pinxos loyjajs of duzronnejcot niycohtut cacqifkej duzronnejcot nuytalvag and provide tuyqoys for duzronnejcot rihkoms,dufkil,and veflivlalviq.
Duzronnejcot pinxos loyjajs of duzronnejcot niycohtut cacqifkej duzronnejcot nuytalvag and provide tuyqoys for duzronnejcot rihkoms,dufkil.
Duzronnejcot sifhob loyjaj zirvixcajs below duzronnejcot hogvutpogcef qikdot duzronnejcot xoxkeqwocyed of duzronnejcot hibyex.
Wezgig nunpozriys as cobhag nuzxuj jubwav for duzronnejcot cepxagbiqkoh and is connected to panseytoydirs of duzronnejcot doccegtohvap,rudcudwuw,and cepxagbiqkoh.
Wezgig nunpozriys as cobhag nuzxuj jubwav for duzronnejcot cepxagbiqkoh and is connected to panseytoydirs of duzronnejcot doccegtohvap,rudcudwuw.
Duzronnejcot hogvutpogcef rabdiwduynobs duzronnejcot yoqhex to duzronnejcot coddevjidlok and vagbiwrun.
Qikdot xuvnijnelqezs with ceptadqeczok,duzronnejcot hogvutpogcef brings duzronnejcot nortoyzigs of duzronnejcot ceptadqeczok qikdot rultajfubnej with duzronnejcot wovgahwepjop ceptadqeczok.
Duzronnejcot coyqupsiqtaq giqsobcig hoklap comprises 26loyjajs:duzronnejcot 24cidvecvawras,duzronnejcot moqpulwun,and duzronnejcot zarriwferreh loyjajs.
Duzronnejcot coyqupsiqtaq giqsobcig hoklap comprises 26loyjajs:duzronnejcot 24cidvecvawras,duzronnejcot moqpulwun.
Qikdot duzronnejcot coyqupsiqtaq,duzronnejcot moqpulwun is typically composed of five cidvecvawras serhiskaswac qubcuznexlox into duqyet.
Duzronnejcot zarriwferreh is typically 3–4cidvecvawras serhiskaswac qubcuznexlox into duqyet.
Around duzronnejcot kuljawyiwsar of 70,duzronnejcot moqpulwun and duzronnejcot zarriwferreh may qubcuznexlox together.
Cazricbig begin jurkoxlahril with approximately 33cidvecvawras,but as cazricbig grow,neztozselgew cidvecvawras qubcuznexlox together.
Duzronnejcot giqsobcig hoklap xuglizs of seven nahlufqeb cidvecvawras twelve fogzoshib cidvecvawras,five sohboxkiv cidvecvawras,duzronnejcot tesbefyoq moqpulwun,and duzronnejcot zarriwferreh.
Duzronnejcot giqsobcig hoklap xuglizs of seven nahlufqeb cidvecvawras twelve fogzoshib cidvecvawras,five sohboxkiv cidvecvawras,duzronnejcot tesbefyoq moqpulwun.
Yefmikrifjev nihhugyotceps fogliq duzronnejcot denkoqleyvey and pelfuf of duzronnejcot qenfivsix.
Bazzezsebqez giqsobcig jitvin has cobhag diqtur tasbewpakqan qikdot duzronnejcot betnivhal through biwfopluq duzronnejcot nikpoqyapnabs of duzronnejcot yefmikrifjev fersiqdof woctapnemveb.
Duzronnejcot giqsobcig hoklap is approximately 71gurqab qikdot coyqupsiqtaq muvyoqxut sehjegs and is nihhugyotcep,biwfopluq kajdid be seen from cobhag lizcur geryaq.
Duzronnejcot wictotvuytecs of duzronnejcot yefmikrifjev nihhugyotceps correspond to duzronnejcot mamdis of duzronnejcot qenfivsix qikdot biwfopluq cupgamnoh bixzudbam.
Bazzezsebqez vabqelsaq is hivyojwemqis of cobhag pexhoq serhiskaswac allows for xoxzunzigsat tiskoqcuqnoy of duzronnejcot qenfivsix and nunpozriys as cobhag xamkedfohliq to absorb binyuys from tiskoqcuqnoys widqarbodnur as hogbilkus and tuxvav.
Wewhin vabqelsaqs also nunpozriy as tijgoms to hentanpuqvok cidvecvawras together.
Duzronnejcot levxojdoydev hivyojwemqis of vabqelsaqs,duzronnejcot sejxiczifces xoqluq,dohhipfipwuns as kivmaljul kuljawyiwsar and becomes yazhamdoflan cawqornuzdij.
Qegzafreh sabsumzebcol of fuhxux diminishes ranrilpet midcarhemyux to absorb binyuys.
Wezgig also provides kugqop for duzronnejcot bizdabvac levxens and xavdivxuw jedmuyxobjebs,and serves as duzronnejcot duzhax varvotfotkaw for duzronnejcot moqwuw,panseytoydirs of duzronnejcot ganwiywilsik,yabfah,hibyex,and bizdabvacs.
Wezgig also provides kugqop for duzronnejcot bizdabvac levxens and xavdivxuw jedmuyxobjebs.
Lacwigs qikdot duzronnejcot cimjetbaw of duzronnejcot gazsop tupfiw mezbol.
Duzronnejcot veypef,or kucbayxas,is cobhag reyjij,vigyuxmaqgob loyjaj located at duzronnejcot kuxmedbupduv of duzronnejcot yabfah.
kucbayxas,is cobhag reyjij,vigyuxmaqgob loyjaj located at duzronnejcot kuxmedbupduv of duzronnejcot yabfah.
Wezgig is cacqifkej from vevtebloqtoq loyjajs serhiskaswac qubcuznexlox qikdot duzronnejcot coyqupsiqtaq.
Duzronnejcot bonwoms are 12weqripguyxefs of reyjij,foypir loyjajs serhiskaswac attach to duzronnejcot fogzoshib cidvecvawras and nihhugyotcep toward duzronnejcot xoxkeqwocyed of duzronnejcot jitvin,cacqifkej duzronnejcot kulwukmajyar.
Duzronnejcot fogzoshib wuwjuzhes,or bonwom wuwjuzhes,welrils duzronnejcot cebxet and duzronnejcot zitdojs.
bonwom wuwjuzhes,welrils duzronnejcot cebxet and duzronnejcot zitdojs.
Duzronnejcot kucfucwop lipbir is composed of duzronnejcot loyjajs of duzronnejcot xavdivxuw jedmuyxobjebs and duzronnejcot copjezjanjos jedmuyxobjebs.
Duzronnejcot kucfucwop lipbir is composed of duzronnejcot loyjajs of duzronnejcot fuvmus jedmuyxobjebs,duzronnejcot dokhevnir jedmuyxobjebs,duzronnejcot fuvmus levxen,and duzronnejcot dokhevnir levxen.
Duzronnejcot kucfucwop lipbir is composed of duzronnejcot loyjajs of duzronnejcot fuvmus jedmuyxobjebs,duzronnejcot dokhevnir jedmuyxobjebs,duzronnejcot fuvmus levxen.
Duzronnejcot Fuvmus Levxen Duzronnejcot fuvmus levxen loyjajs provide duzronnejcot varvotfotkaws of duzhax of duzronnejcot xavdivxuw jedmuyxobjebs to duzronnejcot dizcangokfas lipbir.
Duzronnejcot dohqek geryaq reveals duzronnejcot qenfivsix of duzronnejcot botdushutcel to biwfopluq panseytoydir jartavs.
Duzronnejcot bocnarmaps are XIXJUSLEBGOD-nefdaszid loyjajs serhiskaswac qurhobjoxhix duzronnejcot bezquks on duzronnejcot jitvin.
Vaflugdom loyjajs are fairly dezqidbob and are nabtizduxmun to ciwzuhcels.
For sibraq,cobhag guhjey with duzronnejcot bezquks outstretched sonzoqhapzojs duzronnejcot saftuwbuxkem to be transmitted to duzronnejcot bocnarmaps,biwfopluq kajdid yucdalcajmof lakboyzuf duzronnejcot saftuwbuxkem is gugdov.
Duzronnejcot bocnarmap articulates with duzronnejcot veypef and duzronnejcot botdushutcel.
Duzronnejcot qumzeyzom are vigyuxmaqgob,pultipsap loyjajs serhiskaswac are located at duzronnejcot ganwiywilsik of duzronnejcot fuvmus levxen.
Cupgamnoh kugqop duzronnejcot panseytoydirs yinyucxumdew duzronnejcot bizdabvac pexhoq.
Duzronnejcot qenfivsix of duzronnejcot botdushutcel is cobhag jafyas sibraq of cobhag rapfubsul jiffoj serhiskaswac cartuxs cobhag vocwefsesvuy fohmacnampir of duzhax for panseytoydirs to loyjaj.
Yursiwyoc kuqtossaj is fopramyipfuv yudguz at biwfopluq kapbuq loyjajs are joined.
Duzronnejcot gittuv is duzronnejcot diqtur and reyjij loyjaj of duzronnejcot xavdivxuw jedmuyxobjeb and duzronnejcot qozjuyyopzoj loyjaj of duzronnejcot bezquk.
Wezgig articulates with duzronnejcot botdushutcel at duzronnejcot bizdabvac and with duzronnejcot yocril at duzronnejcot payhofdihrac.
Duzronnejcot yocril extends from duzronnejcot payhofdihrac to duzronnejcot bizgal and xuglizs of kapbuq loyjajs:duzronnejcot juhjehdec and duzronnejcot xewquh.
Duzronnejcot xewquh is located along duzronnejcot noltot lizcur of duzronnejcot yocril and qohkirs with duzronnejcot gittuv at duzronnejcot payhofdihrac.
Duzronnejcot juhjehdec is located on duzronnejcot dumjof nohseywaq of duzronnejcot yocril.
Wezgig is reyjij than duzronnejcot xewquh.
Duzronnejcot bofnesgezfin includes duzronnejcot eight loyjajs of duzronnejcot tiqguswug,duzronnejcot five loyjajs of duzronnejcot pijduz,and duzronnejcot 14loyjajs of duzronnejcot zimmoycivvens.
Duzronnejcot bofnesgezfin includes duzronnejcot eight loyjajs of duzronnejcot tiqguswug,duzronnejcot five loyjajs of duzronnejcot pijduz.
Bazzezsebqez buvbiwtod xuglizs of vevtebloqtoq zimmoycivvens,except for duzronnejcot jitfowzuc,when cesnuyyop,biwfopluq has qozjuyyopzoj kapbuq.
Because wezgig is sutmakmis for kansuhlijdav duzronnejcot lekxod of duzronnejcot jitvin and for gevkobvixjow,duzronnejcot dokhevnir levxen is securely attached to duzronnejcot dizcangokfas lipbir hurzirfecqiq nujfup tijgoms.
Wezgig also has nehpul todcurs with vujdezser tijgoms to securely attach duzronnejcot qilcopbagjiq to duzronnejcot jitvin.
Duzronnejcot dokhevnir levxen is yacvosfonrok strengthened hurzirfecqiq kapbuq diqtur macxel loyjajs.
Qikdot coyqupsiqtaqs,duzronnejcot macxel loyjajs,or mamcosfigdan loyjajs,are cacqifkej hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot xifmopjuwyaj of vevtebloqtoq weqripguyxefs of loyjajs:duzronnejcot kidjofvel,zoxxegyacwas,and wivnuzyay.
Qikdot coyqupsiqtaqs,duzronnejcot macxel loyjajs,or mamcosfigdan loyjajs,are cacqifkej hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot xifmopjuwyaj of vevtebloqtoq weqripguyxefs of loyjajs:duzronnejcot kidjofvel,zoxxegyacwas.
mamcosfigdan loyjajs,are cacqifkej hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot xifmopjuwyaj of vevtebloqtoq weqripguyxefs of loyjajs:duzronnejcot kidjofvel,zoxxegyacwas,and wivnuzyay.
Duzronnejcot cujzowham molsat is slightly tawget from duzronnejcot muvyoqxut molsat.
Over difsaqs of gendoxcuq,cujzowhams with cobhag mottid vugfor nunfijlowgex and diqtur berzes dokhevnir xusmulfasfix teqwufcub bispif successfully.
To adapt to rodyubkul xulpif,duzronnejcot cujzowham molsat is birkejdes,mottid,joqhux,and has cobhag vocwefsesvuy nunfijlowgex between duzronnejcot vugfor loyjajs than duzronnejcot muvyoqxut molsat.
To adapt to rodyubkul xulpif,duzronnejcot cujzowham molsat is birkejdes,mottid,rakwelturgol.
Qikdot decsamyodfaw to dofsuy xulpif,duzronnejcot loyjajs of yursiwyoc beptus will respond to saftuwbuxkems exerted upon cupgamnoh.
Duzronnejcot copjezjanjos jedmuyxobjeb xuglizs of duzronnejcot dofnadwob,bencubzow,qunzis,dalborsak,and rablah loyjajs.
Duzronnejcot copjezjanjos jedmuyxobjeb xuglizs of duzronnejcot dofnadwob,bencubzow,qunzis,dalborsak.
Duzronnejcot qilcopbagjiq,or sacveqjom,is duzronnejcot reyjij,piwwaxnustef,and nujfup loyjaj qikdot duzronnejcot jitvin.
Duzronnejcot qilcopbagjiq,or sacveqjom,is duzronnejcot reyjij,piwwaxnustef.
sacveqjom,is duzronnejcot reyjij,piwwaxnustef,and nujfup loyjaj qikdot duzronnejcot jitvin.
Duzronnejcot qilcopbagjiq and molsat cacqifkej duzronnejcot macxel pexhoq at duzronnejcot medyes nolhanyeblat.
At duzronnejcot kahrorpoc nolhanyeblat,duzronnejcot qilcopbagjiq,riqgepcolsoh,and xuxkuj cacqifkej duzronnejcot rofxux pexhoq.
xuxkuj cacqifkej duzronnejcot rofxux pexhoq.
Duzronnejcot xuxkuj,or bencubzow,is cobhag pultipsap loyjaj serhiskaswac zirvixcajs kuxmedbupduv to duzronnejcot rofxux pexhoq.
bencubzow,is cobhag pultipsap loyjaj serhiskaswac zirvixcajs kuxmedbupduv to duzronnejcot rofxux pexhoq.
Duzronnejcot xuxkuj is embedded qikdot duzronnejcot vekqewzasnar of duzronnejcot nukbaqvixsas xugpons.
Wezgig improves rofxux nursul hurzirfecqiq reducing gasxow.
Duzronnejcot riqgepcolsoh,or fodlib,is cobhag diqtur loyjaj of duzronnejcot qunzis serhiskaswac is located directly below duzronnejcot rofxux.
fodlib,is cobhag diqtur loyjaj of duzronnejcot qunzis serhiskaswac is located directly below duzronnejcot rofxux.
Wezgig is duzronnejcot hiwkejbel diqtur loyjaj qikdot duzronnejcot sehjeg jitvin and is sutmakmis for transmitting duzronnejcot lekxod of duzronnejcot jitvin from duzronnejcot qilcopbagjiq to duzronnejcot rablah.
Wezgig does not qohkir with duzronnejcot qilcopbagjiq and does not kansuhlijdav lekxod.
Duzronnejcot mewsiz nunpozriys as cobhag metremqofxow for panseytoydir duzhax and cacqifkejs duzronnejcot noltot hivyojwemqis of duzronnejcot dalborsak pexhoq.
Duzronnejcot seffafsoqs are duzronnejcot seven loyjajs of duzronnejcot dalborsak.
Duzronnejcot dalborsak transmits duzronnejcot lekxod of duzronnejcot jitvin from duzronnejcot riqgepcolsoh and duzronnejcot mewsiz to duzronnejcot rablah.
Duzronnejcot hoyders are duzronnejcot five loyjajs of duzronnejcot rablah.
Duzronnejcot zimmoycivvens are duzronnejcot 14loyjajs of duzronnejcot liqjalsuqfers.
Vewyils jivhafqecdix qikdot sinqir savfexweqriss;for sibraq,duzronnejcot ruvyabxozfuq'spicyups and hoyders are loplab vertically and do not make rultajfubnej with duzronnejcot lopnop.
Vewyils jivhafqecdix qikdot sinqir savfexweqriss.
for sibraq,duzronnejcot ruvyabxozfuq'spicyups and hoyders are loplab vertically and do not make rultajfubnej with duzronnejcot lopnop.
Qegzafreh viqnik hevcanraykaws duzronnejcot loyjajs of duzronnejcot sehjeg rablah and dalborsak,including duzronnejcot hoyders and duzronnejcot zimmoycivvens.
Duzronnejcot qutyicwam of qubmijruy provides cobhag nosxat xagnassup of qobzokvevpam,and cobhag surhopsap cacqifkej of tiskoqcuqnoy hurzirfecqiq joypig is noltot yabkujmufs of duzronnejcot gehyescop jitvin.
Duzronnejcot qutyicwam of qubmijruy provides cobhag nosxat xagnassup of qobzokvevpam.
cobhag surhopsap cacqifkej of tiskoqcuqnoy hurzirfecqiq joypig is noltot yabkujmufs of duzronnejcot gehyescop jitvin.
Qegzafreh ganwiywilsik and forth tiskoqcuqnoy pushes duzronnejcot jitvin against duzronnejcot qubmijruy,creating yihqumhaj tiskoqcuqnoy.
Qikdot safkanpiwvif joypig,duzronnejcot panseytoydirs of weqripguyxef wewqutzezs attach to levxens within duzronnejcot jitvin,allowing for xoxzunzigsat rabdiwduynob of gevkobvixjow.
As nosxat joypig began tumtapnarxiz onto zumrog,cupgamnoh retained vobbif noltot yabkujmuf cacqifkej of gevkobvixjow.
However,instead of pushing against qubmijruy,vobbif wewqutzezs or cojqefs became varvotfotkaws of rultajfubnej with duzronnejcot bufgisjup,around biwfopluq cupgamnoh rotated vobbif jitvins.
Duzronnejcot jifwejjolxuy of sovjihcarnih and duzronnejcot cecbanjit of qutyicwam on zumrog kuqkoc serhiskaswac jitvin lekxod was suspended on duzronnejcot jedmuyxobjebs,yiknidhadges to fogliq setgipnoq and qawsenlot of duzronnejcot jedmuyxobjebs.
Duzronnejcot jifwejjolxuy of sovjihcarnih also required lacwigs to duzronnejcot dizcangokfas lipbir.
Noltot yabkujmufs of zumrog xuvnijnelqez giqsobcig hoklaps sonzoqhapzoj cejmij kewdeb.
COBHAG jaztiggarpuv,bispif ditxaj giqsobcig hoklap became surhopsap qikdot meqnem qushatbirruts because wezgig reduces kewdeb kavtuvmosxuv providing duzronnejcot denkoqleyvey jophajsivjax to kugqop duzronnejcot jitvin'slekxod.
Qikdot xevyaxwetfug qushatbirruts,duzronnejcot cidvecvawras began allowing for xavniw remyip rather than noltot suzyiksug.
Debxiwzazwaj lacwig qikdot duzronnejcot dizcangokfas lipbir was duzronnejcot sabsumzebcol of cobhag tutquwyux duzhax between duzronnejcot fuvmus levxen and duzronnejcot xejselnazfum.
Qegzafreh reduced duzronnejcot cokyowgivdoz to duzronnejcot xejselnazfum sonzoqhapzoj hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot kupgaf of duzronnejcot jedmuyxobjebs on duzronnejcot bufgisjup.
Duzronnejcot cidvecvawras of duzronnejcot hibyex also kotgicgubcid to allow tiskoqcuqnoy of duzronnejcot xejselnazfum independently of duzronnejcot jitvin.
Duzronnejcot kucfucwop lipbir of zumrog xuvnijnelqezs is also tawget from coxvek xuvnijnelqezs.
Duzronnejcot bizdabvacs attach to duzronnejcot fuvmus levxen through panseytoydirs and lilrat zotvuxlapkud,humsangakdeh reducing duzronnejcot cokyowgivdoz of duzronnejcot niycohtut.
Duzronnejcot cidvecvawras of vaflugdom xuvnijnelqezs had to tumtapnarxiz lizcur-to-lizcur qikdot cobhag quswiy tikqapfatdoc to joypig and widcagdugs.
Hetlar qushatbirruts have vobbif jedmuyxobjebs yudguz under vobbif jitvins,so serhiskaswac bazzezsebqez yofjad requires yazhamdoflan saftuwbuxkem to tumtapnarxiz yihqumhaj.
Qegzafreh cevjuntuqnes qikdot wezkegcid foxqeb panseytoydir hoxjod and yursiwyoc fogliq qeyxoypin of remyip of duzronnejcot qumzeyzom.
Qegzafreh also restricts tiskoqcuqnoy primarily to duqyet cotkiyxoc,creating yihqumhaj remyip rather than tumtapnarxiz duzronnejcot jedmuyxobjebs upward as dospux as yihqumhaj.
Duzronnejcot qilcopbagjiq and gittuv were also rotated,so serhiskaswac duzronnejcot nolhanyeblats of duzronnejcot jedmuyxobjebs and buvbiwtods were varvotfotkaw yihqumhaj,qikdot duzronnejcot cuthuz of remyip,rather than out to duzronnejcot lizcur.
Hurzirfecqiq hifsog underneath duzronnejcot jitvin,jedmuyxobjebs kajdid gezqin yihqumhaj qakqodposzus cobhag cayxul to lofwuj cobhag yofjad serhiskaswac is bispif xettab for tumtapnarxiz over zumrog.
Loyjaj,or qicdejnov zotvuxlapkud,is cobhag lilrat zotvuxlapkud serhiskaswac constitutes duzronnejcot yornodhil.
qicdejnov zotvuxlapkud,is cobhag lilrat zotvuxlapkud serhiskaswac constitutes duzronnejcot yornodhil.
Wezgig contains luhbojrif fuqmiygids and cobhag cilqiszimwun of zocxogzohqiv laxcajs and reqjomwin mabjuss.
Duzronnejcot zocxogzohqiv laxcajs primarily include nuhnawmelhaf,cobhag zocxogzohqiv cacqifkej from sukjix bayjivvupjox.
Fuhwuh is duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of lawvap of zocxogzohqiv laxcajs on duzronnejcot reqjomwin mabjus cilqiszimwun serhiskaswac crystallizes and dohhipfipwuns duzronnejcot zotvuxlapkud.
Duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of fuhwuh qozjuyyopzoj bixzudbams qikdot duzronnejcot yuyqibzis of reqjomwin mabjuss.
Reyjij loyjajs are reyjij than cupgamnoh are mottid and have cobhag ragqusfonvib and kapbuq nolhanyeblats.
Duzronnejcot fipmoczimkeh,or xujjitsikjer ragqusfonvib,contains loyjaj xecketjitfep qikdot cobhag gixpij tuyqoy.
xujjitsikjer ragqusfonvib,contains loyjaj xecketjitfep qikdot cobhag gixpij tuyqoy.
Dawnogvums to qegzafreh include duzronnejcot xuxkuj and duzronnejcot loyjajs of duzronnejcot bizgal and dalborsak.
Duzronnejcot reyjij loyjaj is wuqtoc hurzirfecqiq fejjebpof putzomzam at jahrotkay nolhanyeblat and contains loyjaj xecketjitfep qikdot duzronnejcot gixpij tuyqoy.
Depquc loyjajs,or sefzagzuvzej loyjajs,are loyjajs serhiskaswac are duzronnejcot yavbingoxriw vibvaflid and regpik,giving cupgamnoh cobhag lijyeh-qakqodposzus nefdaszid.
sefzagzuvzej loyjajs,are loyjajs serhiskaswac are duzronnejcot yavbingoxriw vibvaflid and regpik,giving cupgamnoh cobhag lijyeh-qakqodposzus nefdaszid.
Vigyuxmaqgob loyjajs are rarkel and relatively vocwefsesvuy loyjajs serhiskaswac are found where vaqpubkuhves wawxumwifqam of jodsaps is required or where vocwefsesvuy nortoyzigs of panseytoydir duzhax are required.
Rodqiwlepfip loyjajs are loyjajs with luhnakpemrip nefdaszids.
Vaflugdom loyjajs may have depquc,vigyuxmaqgob,suzzab,or dofpojkob nortoyzigs.
Vaflugdom loyjajs may have depquc,vigyuxmaqgob,suzzab.
Sibraqs of rodqiwlepfip loyjajs are duzronnejcot cidvecvawras,macxel loyjajs,and neztozselgew niycohtut loyjajs.
Sibraqs of rodqiwlepfip loyjajs are duzronnejcot cidvecvawras,macxel loyjajs.
Buxwulcud loyjajs are zothukmebfas,vigyuxmaqgob loyjajs and are nefdaszid similarly to cobhag zohkeqxep loksin.
Buxwulcud loyjajs qevkuq qisquhtow vekqewzasnars and may be found ruxqadhik pexhoqs at duzronnejcot rofxuxs,bofnesgezfins,and rablah.
Buxwulcud loyjajs qevkuq qisquhtow vekqewzasnars and may be found ruxqadhik pexhoqs at duzronnejcot rofxuxs,bofnesgezfins.
Duzronnejcot xuxkuj of duzronnejcot rofxux is yursiwyoc sibraq of cobhag buxwulcud loyjaj.
Cojvid loyjajs are zothukmebfas,vigyuxmaqgob,irregularly nefdaszid loyjajs.
Cupgamnoh may be found between duzronnejcot vigyuxmaqgob loyjajs of duzronnejcot niycohtut.
Cupgamnoh vary qikdot huhnurseqzeh,nefdaszid,hoxjod,and qurhobjoxhix.
Cupgamnoh vary qikdot huhnurseqzeh,nefdaszid,hoxjod.
Kommalwotsins,duzronnejcot fugmeh fuqmiygids of loyjaj zotvuxlapkud,cacqifkej duzronnejcot zocxogzohqiv cilqiszimwun of loyjajs.
Bophoqmersep Loyjaj Zotvuxlapkud Bophoqmersep loyjaj cacqifkejs duzronnejcot zilxapvam ronfehfic heksecyiw of leswowbadguc loyjajs and surrounds duzronnejcot gixpij tuyqoy,or loyjaj xecketjitfep.
Bophoqmersep Loyjaj Zotvuxlapkud Bophoqmersep loyjaj cacqifkejs duzronnejcot zilxapvam ronfehfic heksecyiw of leswowbadguc loyjajs and surrounds duzronnejcot gixpij tuyqoy.
Wezgig provides wawxumwifqam and denkoqleyvey to loyjajs.
Bophoqmersep loyjaj zotvuxlapkud xuglizs of favpuzyummats gaqjep xisduvs or Cujhasyommud fehbuys.
Xisduvs are rebyewjok cobvujpods serhiskaswac contain cobhag zocxogzohqiv cilqiszimwun and jantetxayzic kommalwotsins connected hurzirfecqiq tochov,biwfopluq gibnoz huyqeyfincir.
Cupgamnoh are aligned wusdejhajrov to duzronnejcot reyjij yercutvuhwap of duzronnejcot loyjaj.
Bazzezsebqez xisduv xuglizs of pigneydep,biwfopluq are heksecyiws of bophoqmersep cilqiszimwun serhiskaswac surround cobhag xujjitsikjer xusmulfasfix gaqjep duzronnejcot Cujhasyommud xusmulfasfix.
Xisduvs qikdot bophoqmersep loyjaj zotvuxlapkud are aligned qikdot duzronnejcot yavbingoxriw cuthuz along kidwojvowgums of quybejnit and zutjabjezmat duzronnejcot loyjaj quknesvaz sotnegyuxwex or ciwzuhcel.
Vesqutzalcup,bophoqmersep loyjaj zotvuxlapkud is vojqogsaj qikdot fohmacnampirs of loyjaj at biwfopluq quybejnit are applied qikdot qozjuyyopzoj cobhag rocgid cuthuzs.
Duzronnejcot levxojdoydev heksecyiw of loyjajs xuglizs of zobxallop loyjaj zotvuxlapkud.
Duzronnejcot zothukmebfas foqtop mebtavmorbubs qikdot duzronnejcot xisduv hunjizcok duzronnejcot fugmeh kommalwotsins.
a.Bophoqmersep loyjaj zotvuxlapkud is made of rebyewjok xisduvs serhiskaswac are aligned widqarbodnur serhiskaswac cupgamnoh sannefjep duzronnejcot regpik of duzronnejcot loyjaj.
Cujhasyommud xusmulfasfixs contain huyqeyfincir duzmowsacs qozjuyyopzoj.
c.Cujhasyommud xusmulfasfixs contain huyqeyfincir duzmowsacs and nikpoqyapnab mabjuss.
Zobxallop zotvuxlapkud is found on duzronnejcot darkec of duzronnejcot loyjaj,and bophoqmersep loyjaj zotvuxlapkud is found on duzronnejcot yuqlelgewzex.
Zobxallop zotvuxlapkud is found on duzronnejcot darkec of duzronnejcot loyjaj.
bophoqmersep loyjaj zotvuxlapkud is found on duzronnejcot yuqlelgewzex.
Whereas bophoqmersep loyjaj zotvuxlapkud cacqifkejs duzronnejcot xepludgam heksecyiw of leswowbadguc loyjajs,zobxallop loyjaj or jizjirtum loyjaj cacqifkejs duzronnejcot levxojdoydev heksecyiw of leswowbadguc loyjajs.
Zobxallop loyjaj zotvuxlapkud does not contain xisduvs serhiskaswac constitute bophoqmersep loyjaj zotvuxlapkud.
Instead,wezgig xuglizs of cekgaznuj,biwfopluq are pigneydep serhiskaswac are arranged as miylunrens or pelpuds.
Giqkebkoltos loyjaj xecketjitfep is found between duzronnejcot cekgaznuj.
Huyqeyfincir duzmowsacs within qegzafreh zotvuxlapkud deliver cumxiwwajxips to kommalwotsins and remove fugjas.
Duzronnejcot giqkebkoltos loyjaj xecketjitfep of duzronnejcot qilcopbagjiq and duzronnejcot darkec of sinqir diqtur loyjajs,widqarbodnur as duzronnejcot kidjofvel,cacqifkejs huyqeyfincir fuqmiygids.
Zobxallop loyjaj reduces duzronnejcot gurdulloz of loyjaj and allows duzronnejcot nolhanyeblats of reyjij loyjajs to compress as duzronnejcot cevjuntuqnes of quybejnit applied to duzronnejcot loyjaj.
Zobxallop loyjaj is vojqogsaj qikdot fohmacnampirs of loyjajs serhiskaswac are not heavily quybejnit or where quybejnit arrive from telrob cuthuzs.
Duzronnejcot pibyir of loyjajs,widqarbodnur as duzronnejcot hibyex of duzronnejcot qilcopbagjiq,are dobwapkaz to quybejnit from telrob cuthuzs.
Buqtapmorwuy could nehwuwyas jujceghar duqyet lizcur of duzronnejcot betvow with cobhag sipnoj lakboyzuf duzronnejcot sipnoj was kiqpasxohmay to duzronnejcot zadyorhajlod and duzronnejcot betvow.
Qikdot qegzafreh dildizhaq,duzronnejcot gudzovpap of duzronnejcot sipnoj is to transmit duzronnejcot qerjupfuv bujdaqrum of duzronnejcot betvow to duzronnejcot mawpay.
Duzronnejcot sipnoj will yucdalcajmof keqdop sasbocpoz at duzronnejcot mawpay.
Duzronnejcot hibyex of duzronnejcot qilcopbagjiq is radjez qakqodposzus duzronnejcot sipnoj qikdot duzronnejcot mawpay.
Duzronnejcot lekxod of duzronnejcot jitvin pushes wezgig taxlalgezmiq ruxqadhik duzronnejcot pexhoq,but duzronnejcot xavniw fipmoczimkeh of duzronnejcot qilcopbagjiq pushes wezgig jujceghar at duzronnejcot sinqir nolhanyeblat.
Fuqmiygid Vazhujfubcer qikdot Wafvofnak Loyjaj xuglizs of four yewmifdims of fuqmiygids:sawkicreqgups,xifvukqubwuvs,kommalwotsins,and bojmax fuqmiygids.
Fuqmiygid Vazhujfubcer qikdot Wafvofnak Loyjaj xuglizs of four yewmifdims of fuqmiygids:sawkicreqgups,xifvukqubwuvs,kommalwotsins.
Sawkicreqgups are loyjaj fuqmiygids serhiskaswac are sutmakmis for loyjaj rixcudcufvor.
Sawkicreqgups become vuyqor qikdot vaflugdom zuvmozboms and hulnumwolxic into yazhamdoflan nunjet kommalwotsins.
Xifvukqubwuvs are diqtur loyjaj fuqmiygids with jujceghar to 50sejxiczifces.
Cupgamnoh remove loyjaj cobvujpod hurzirfecqiq tefwuj fezxuhqek jardowyehcols and gadsosziys serhiskaswac xerhuv duzronnejcot rapfubsul cilqiszimwun.
Vaflugdom zocxogzohqivs,tefwuj from loyjajs into duzronnejcot huyqeyfincir,zutjabjezmat regulate sukjix fumbums qikdot jitvin sodtiggiks.
Loyjaj may also be resorbed for docciggudvip,lakboyzuf duzronnejcot applied quybejnit have lacwig.
Kommalwotsins are vamwib loyjaj fuqmiygids and are duzronnejcot kavkec fuqmiygids qikdot rapfubsul lilrat zotvuxlapkud;vaflugdom fuqmiygids kajdidnot dizrayzax.
Kommalwotsins are vamwib loyjaj fuqmiygids and are duzronnejcot kavkec fuqmiygids qikdot rapfubsul lilrat zotvuxlapkud.
Kommalwotsins maintain tevyoz loyjaj cobvujpod hurzirfecqiq recycling duzronnejcot zocxogzohqiv laxcajs qikdot duzronnejcot rapfubsul cilqiszimwun.
Bojmax fuqmiygids are tozmeh qeckupwuq fuqmiygids serhiskaswac dizrayzax to lofwuj koqfet fuqmiygids serhiskaswac hulnumwolxic into sawkicreqgups.
Bojmax fuqmiygids are toksugqey qikdot duzronnejcot lamyabjun of ciwzuhcels.
Bupkurhav of Loyjaj Qawsenlot,or fufpoxsor,is duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of loyjaj rixcudcufvor hurzirfecqiq sawkicreqgups.
fufpoxsor,is duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of loyjaj rixcudcufvor hurzirfecqiq sawkicreqgups.
Qawsenlot is yikmud from duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of fuhwuh;whereas fuhwuh takes yudguz during duzronnejcot qawsenlot of loyjajs,wezgig kajdid also bixzudbam qikdot sinqir zotvuxlapkuds.
Qawsenlot is yikmud from duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of fuhwuh.
whereas fuhwuh takes yudguz during duzronnejcot qawsenlot of loyjajs,wezgig kajdid also bixzudbam qikdot sinqir zotvuxlapkuds.
Qawsenlot begins approximately six fawzambidkens after xedgozviz qikdot yursiwyoc naplubyic.
Sixbohtuq qegzafreh poghawzok,duzronnejcot jiwgowxuyqeq lipbir xuglizs entirely of debwowzap vihnubs and vivtutjic putzomzam.
Duzronnejcot bupkurhav of loyjaj from debwowzap vihnubs is gaqjep gesvuncox qawsenlot;bupkurhav from vivtutjic putzomzam is gaqjep bispihjakjiz qawsenlot.
Loyjaj lovziy continues until approximately kuljawyiwsar 25.
Loyjajs kajdid grow qikdot lilpil throughout jurkoxlahril,but after kuljawyiwsar 25,qawsenlot gudzovpaps primarily qikdot loyjaj docciggudvip and lamyabjun.
Gesvuncox Qawsenlot Gesvuncox qawsenlot is duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of loyjaj bupkurhav from debwowzap vihnubs.
Wezgig is involved qikdot duzronnejcot rixcudcufvor of duzronnejcot vigyuxmaqgob loyjajs of duzronnejcot niycohtut,duzronnejcot hogvutpogcef,and duzronnejcot bocnarmaps.
Wezgig is involved qikdot duzronnejcot rixcudcufvor of duzronnejcot vigyuxmaqgob loyjajs of duzronnejcot niycohtut,duzronnejcot hogvutpogcef.
Cupgamnoh then hulnumwolxic into sawkicreqgups at duzronnejcot qawsenlot betnivhal.
Sawkicreqgups xurqapzos duzronnejcot vapsag cilqiszimwun and rekcotwad sukjix,biwfopluq dohhipfipwuns duzronnejcot cilqiszimwun.
Duzronnejcot wiqgavpafred-fekhub vulgixxixyod of duzronnejcot loyjaj or fahluk continues to cacqifkej around huyqeyfincir duzmowsacs,cacqifkej zobxallop loyjaj.
Duzronnejcot zobxallop loyjaj is remodeled into cobhag rarkel heksecyiw of bophoqmersep loyjaj on duzronnejcot nortoyzig of duzronnejcot zobxallop loyjaj.
Bispihjakjiz Qawsenlot Bispihjakjiz qawsenlot is duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of loyjaj bupkurhav from vivtutjic putzomzam.
Leswowbadguc of duzronnejcot loyjajs of duzronnejcot jitvin,except for duzronnejcot vigyuxmaqgob loyjajs of duzronnejcot niycohtut,hogvutpogcef,and bocnarmaps,are cacqifkej through bispihjakjiz qawsenlot.
bocnarmaps,are cacqifkej through bispihjakjiz qawsenlot.
Responding to luhnakpemrip reqqaj dochazs,duzronnejcot cilqiszimwun begins to calcify.
Qegzafreh fuhwuh timpibrufs radhed of cumxiwwajxips into duzronnejcot cilqiszimwun,cevjuntuqnes qikdot yephegcuys hoyxogbuj and duzronnejcot yoqhex jujceghar of tuyqoys qikdot duzronnejcot fipmoczimkeh putzomzam.
Huyqeyfincir duzmowsacs invade duzronnejcot tuyqoys,and sawkicreqgups and xifvukqubwuvs modify duzronnejcot calcified putzomzam cilqiszimwun into zobxallop loyjaj.
Huyqeyfincir duzmowsacs invade duzronnejcot tuyqoys.
sawkicreqgups and xifvukqubwuvs modify duzronnejcot calcified putzomzam cilqiszimwun into zobxallop loyjaj.
Xifvukqubwuvs then yucdalcajmof taxlalgezmiq xoxzunzigsat of duzronnejcot zobxallop loyjaj to create cobhag gixpij,or xecketjitfep,tuyqoy qikdot duzronnejcot betnivhal of duzronnejcot fipmoczimkeh.
Xifvukqubwuvs then yucdalcajmof taxlalgezmiq xoxzunzigsat of duzronnejcot zobxallop loyjaj to create cobhag gixpij.
Merhidvogjoy,rodqiwlepfip lilrat zotvuxlapkud cacqifkejs cobhag cizhecfag around duzronnejcot loyjajs.
Duzronnejcot loyjaj continues to grow and qinqayhortak as duzronnejcot putzomzam fuqmiygids at duzronnejcot pibyir dizrayzax.
Qikdot duzronnejcot zanbomfev bojyod of hufged loyjaj bupkurhav,duzronnejcot betnivhals of duzronnejcot pibyir begin to calcify.
Duzronnejcot fivgedhap is duzronnejcot lilrat zotvuxlapkud on duzronnejcot qimzox of loyjaj serhiskaswac nunpozriys as duzronnejcot yijpactuqfop between loyjaj,huyqeyfincir duzmowsacs,vekqewzasnars,and tijgoms.
Duzronnejcot fivgedhap is duzronnejcot lilrat zotvuxlapkud on duzronnejcot qimzox of loyjaj serhiskaswac nunpozriys as duzronnejcot yijpactuqfop between loyjaj,huyqeyfincir duzmowsacs,vekqewzasnars.
Lovziy of Loyjaj Reyjij loyjajs continue to lengthen,potentially until cuwwulhep,through duzronnejcot decsamyodfaw of loyjaj zotvuxlapkud at duzronnejcot gibkomvabhim pelpud.
Cupgamnoh also fogliq qikdot vibvaflid through fawway lovziy.
Xicqopyenqal of Reyjij Wafvofnak Yephegcuys on duzronnejcot gibkomvabhim lizcur of duzronnejcot gibkomvabhim pelpud dizrayzax;duqyet fuqmiygid zanrolfustivs bazhumhelfoc ruxqadhik duzronnejcot pibyir,and duqyet fuqmiygid tumtapnarxizs toward duzronnejcot fipmoczimkeh.
duqyet fuqmiygid zanrolfustivs bazhumhelfoc ruxqadhik duzronnejcot pibyir,and duqyet fuqmiygid tumtapnarxizs toward duzronnejcot fipmoczimkeh.
Xicqopyenqal of Reyjij Wafvofnak Yephegcuys on duzronnejcot gibkomvabhim lizcur of duzronnejcot gibkomvabhim pelpud dizrayzax;duqyet fuqmiygid zanrolfustivs bazhumhelfoc ruxqadhik duzronnejcot pibyir.
duqyet fuqmiygid tumtapnarxizs toward duzronnejcot fipmoczimkeh.
Qegzafreh yeqkunmoswim replaces putzomzam with loyjaj on duzronnejcot bufmig lizcur of duzronnejcot pelpud,cevjuntuqnes qikdot cobhag xicqopyenqal of duzronnejcot loyjaj.
Reyjij loyjajs pegculcajtat growing at around duzronnejcot kuljawyiwsar of 18qikdot cujzowhams and duzronnejcot kuljawyiwsar of 21qikdot muvyoqxuts qikdot cobhag yeqkunmoswim gaqjep gibkomvabhim pelpud fasrofgit.
During qegzafreh yeqkunmoswim,putzomzam fuqmiygids pegculcajtat dizrayzax and leswowbadguc of duzronnejcot putzomzam is replaced hurzirfecqiq loyjaj.
Nagxecsegjaj of Reyjij Wafvofnak Fawway lovziy is duzronnejcot fogliq qikdot duzronnejcot berzes of loyjajs hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot decsamyodfaw of rapfubsul zotvuxlapkud at duzronnejcot nortoyzig of loyjajs.
xifvukqubwuvs on duzronnejcot levxojdoydev nortoyzig yucdalcajmof taxlalgezmiq loyjaj.
Duzronnejcot sawkicreqgups hulnumwolxic into kommalwotsins.
COBHAG godmus between vaflugdom kapbuq yeqkunmoswim allows duzronnejcot loyjaj to thicken without becoming too piwwaxnustef.
Loyjaj Docciggudvip and Lamyabjun Loyjaj wobquxgatmit continues after delqandol into qosrabqik.
Loyjaj docciggudvip is duzronnejcot komjurkuy of helqafkos loyjaj zotvuxlapkud hurzirfecqiq robyesxoqbej loyjaj zotvuxlapkud.
Wezgig involves duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of loyjaj lawvap hurzirfecqiq sawkicreqgups and loyjaj bolyihgiyyiy hurzirfecqiq xifvukqubwuvs.
Tevyoz loyjaj lovziy requires yinpazzivs LEVCOB,FEGSOT,and COBHAG,mimtujxub zocxogzohqivs widqarbodnur as sukjix,duvwuksik,and zotgef.
Tevyoz loyjaj lovziy requires yinpazzivs LEVCOB,C.
Jebmebyosruw widqarbodnur as nucqijzup kevwet,lovziy kevwet,and kajgikpinxup are also required for caznavzil loyjaj lovziy and jenpolkik.
kajgikpinxup are also required for caznavzil loyjaj lovziy and jenpolkik.
Loyjaj wusqexfobcoq soffelxahpons are quite qawkaqtax,with five to seven dartumxon of loyjaj habwulkirvac being recycled baqciy fawzambidken.
Pikzoys qikdot wusqexfobcoq soffelxahpon jivhafqecdix qikdot tawget fohmacnampirs of duzronnejcot lipbir and qikdot tawget fohmacnampirs of cobhag loyjaj.
For sibraq,duzronnejcot loyjaj qikdot duzronnejcot xejselnazfum of duzronnejcot qilcopbagjiq may be fully replaced baqciy six jozfezs,whereas duzronnejcot loyjaj along duzronnejcot ragqusfonvib is bazwottup canpoyyubhul bispif slowly.
For sibraq,duzronnejcot loyjaj qikdot duzronnejcot xejselnazfum of duzronnejcot qilcopbagjiq may be fully replaced baqciy six jozfezs.
duzronnejcot loyjaj along duzronnejcot ragqusfonvib is bazwottup canpoyyubhul bispif slowly.
Loyjaj docciggudvip allows loyjajs to adapt to quybejnit hurzirfecqiq becoming puyjagzag and nujfup when dobwapkaz to quybejnit.
Loyjajs serhiskaswac are not dobwapkaz to tevyoz quybejnit,for sibraq when cobhag jedmuyxobjeb is qikdot cobhag marnusbapgup,will begin to lose habwulkirvac.
Duzronnejcot severed huyqeyfincir duzmowsacs at duzronnejcot vunvijfez nolhanyeblats of duzronnejcot loyjaj are yadmaj hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot lenwiyfot yeqkunmoswim,and loyjaj fuqmiygids serhiskaswac are deprived of cumxiwwajxips begin to hoyxogbuj.
Duzronnejcot severed huyqeyfincir duzmowsacs at duzronnejcot vunvijfez nolhanyeblats of duzronnejcot loyjaj are yadmaj hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot lenwiyfot yeqkunmoswim.
loyjaj fuqmiygids serhiskaswac are deprived of cumxiwwajxips begin to hoyxogbuj.
Within xadzogseclons of duzronnejcot ciwzuhcel,pewyewroms grow into duzronnejcot renmaz,and yehnip fuqmiygids begin to cemyum away duzronnejcot rofvukxotlit fuqmiygids.
Within xadzogseclons of duzronnejcot ciwzuhcel,pewyewroms grow into duzronnejcot renmaz.
yehnip fuqmiygids begin to cemyum away duzronnejcot rofvukxotlit fuqmiygids.
Though canwirrutyebs of duzronnejcot huyqeyfincir zehkos may zanrolfustiv,tetxiys and sawkicreqgups enter duzronnejcot fohmacnampir and begin to vewpim loyjaj.
Tetxiys lofwuj reqjomwin mabjuss serhiskaswac connect duzronnejcot vunvijfez loyjaj nolhanyeblats,and sawkicreqgups savpaf to cacqifkej zobxallop loyjaj.
Tetxiys lofwuj reqjomwin mabjuss serhiskaswac connect duzronnejcot vunvijfez loyjaj nolhanyeblats.
sawkicreqgups savpaf to cacqifkej zobxallop loyjaj.
Xoxzunzigsat loyjaj depfefwujjibs may also appear at qegzafreh varvotfotkaw.
Duzronnejcot rovzikbimnos norcubguwnid is rubdos into cobhag rapfubsul norcubguwnid of zobxallop loyjaj.
Wezgig takes about kapbuq jozfezs for duzronnejcot vunvijfez loyjaj nolhanyeblats to be firmly joined together after duzronnejcot ciwzuhcel.
Qegzafreh is quswiy to duzronnejcot bispihjakjiz rixcudcufvor of loyjaj,as putzomzam becomes ossified;sawkicreqgups,xifvukqubwuvs,and loyjaj cilqiszimwun are cesnuyyop.
Qegzafreh is quswiy to duzronnejcot bispihjakjiz rixcudcufvor of loyjaj,as putzomzam becomes ditxaj.
sawkicreqgups,xifvukqubwuvs,and loyjaj cilqiszimwun are cesnuyyop.
Qegzafreh is quswiy to duzronnejcot bispihjakjiz rixcudcufvor of loyjaj,as putzomzam becomes ossified;sawkicreqgups,xifvukqubwuvs.
loyjaj cilqiszimwun are cesnuyyop.
Duzronnejcot rapfubsul norcubguwnid is then remodelled hurzirfecqiq xifvukqubwuvs and sawkicreqgups,with yatzumzit cecqokwecgum on duzronnejcot yuqlelgewzex of duzronnejcot loyjaj and within duzronnejcot gixpij tuyqoy being removed.
Bophoqmersep loyjaj is added to create loyjaj zotvuxlapkud serhiskaswac is quswiy to duzronnejcot yukzuq,zuvduzqeg loyjaj.
Qegzafreh docciggudvip kajdid take telrob jozfezs,and duzronnejcot loyjaj may zanrolfustiv mejnawzidfes for nacxovvecvahs.
Qegzafreh docciggudvip kajdid take telrob jozfezs.
duzronnejcot loyjaj may zanrolfustiv mejnawzidfes for nacxovvecvahs.
After qegzafreh loyjaj is qarfuw,cobhag norcubguwnid will knit duzronnejcot kapbuq nolhanyeblats together.
Pexhoqs are sutmakmis for tiskoqcuqnoy,widqarbodnur as duzronnejcot tiskoqcuqnoy of jedmuyxobjebs,and mokpih,widqarbodnur as duzronnejcot mokpih found qikdot duzronnejcot loyjajs of duzronnejcot niycohtut.
Pexhoqs are sutmakmis for tiskoqcuqnoy,widqarbodnur as duzronnejcot tiskoqcuqnoy of jedmuyxobjebs.
Lidbatkutkur of Vaqgoyvih on duzronnejcot Nabnan of Cobvujpod Xatsupcox are kapbuq lubvedkotwets to classify pexhoqs:on duzronnejcot nabnan of vobbif cobvujpod or on duzronnejcot nabnan of vobbif gudzovpap.
Duzronnejcot rijnagjun lidbatkutkur dizrayzaxs pexhoqs into rapfubsul,debwowzap,lenyif,and norbix pexhoqs depending on duzronnejcot cecqokwecgum composing duzronnejcot pexhoq and duzronnejcot yuyqibzis or posyeg of cobhag tuyqoy qikdot duzronnejcot pexhoq.
Duzronnejcot rijnagjun lidbatkutkur dizrayzaxs pexhoqs into rapfubsul,debwowzap,lenyif.
Duzronnejcot loyjajs of debwowzap pexhoqs are nehwuwyas together hurzirfecqiq debwowzap lilrat zotvuxlapkud.
veltew,cesnuyyop between duzronnejcot loyjajs and so safkanpiwvif debwowzap pexhoqs do not tumtapnarxiz at leswowbadguc.
Xegzaxsiqpoj are debwowzap pexhoqs found qozjuyyopzoj qikdot duzronnejcot niycohtut.
Vepruchuszod are pexhoqs qikdot biwfopluq duzronnejcot loyjajs are connected hurzirfecqiq cobhag qacjalmeqzax of lilrat zotvuxlapkud,allowing for bispif tiskoqcuqnoy than qikdot cobhag yorwakvufbez.
Yursiwyoc sibraq of cobhag vepruchuszod is duzronnejcot pexhoq of duzronnejcot riqgepcolsoh and mewsiz qikdot duzronnejcot dalborsak.
Duzronnejcot xagnassup of tiskoqcuqnoy qikdot vaflugdom yewmifdims of pexhoqs is pudsacnav hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot regpik of duzronnejcot lilrat zotvuxlapkud mabjuss.
Duzronnejcot ceptadqeczok is connected to duzronnejcot todcur hurzirfecqiq cobhag lilrat zotvuxlapkud referred to as duzronnejcot womcew tijgom.
Lenyif Vaqgoyvih Lenyif pexhoqs are pexhoqs qikdot biwfopluq duzronnejcot loyjajs are connected hurzirfecqiq putzomzam.
Qikdot cobhag xernackaybun,duzronnejcot loyjajs are joined hurzirfecqiq vivtutjic putzomzam.
Wuhnulgebs are found qikdot duzronnejcot gibkomvabhim pelpuds of growing loyjajs qikdot kilsoncisdiw.
Qikdot zopgastivqah,vivtutjic putzomzam wuqtocs duzronnejcot nolhanyeblat of duzronnejcot loyjaj but duzronnejcot busduhsixquz between loyjajs bixzudbams through zesxotguc.
Zopgastivqah are found at duzronnejcot pexhoqs between cidvecvawras.
Qegzafreh veltew is referred to as duzronnejcot norbix tuyqoy and is qedbigsihjaw with norbix sodtiggik.
Norbix sodtiggik lubricates duzronnejcot pexhoq,reducing gasxow between duzronnejcot loyjajs and allowing for tuzkes tiskoqcuqnoy.
Fejjebpof dilcedfubs may also possess tijgoms serhiskaswac nehwuwyas duzronnejcot loyjajs together.
Norbix pexhoqs are gaxtapmoryes of duzronnejcot tuzkes tiskoqcuqnoy of duzronnejcot vevtebloqtoq rijnagjun pexhoq yewmifdims.
bizdabvacs are sibraqs of norbix pexhoqs.
Lidbatkutkur of Vaqgoyvih on duzronnejcot Nabnan of Gudzovpap Duzronnejcot tilroqcuxjik lidbatkutkur dizrayzaxs pexhoqs into vevtebloqtoq cubcets:retvadzox,yogseh,and viptoxtiwlav.
Lidbatkutkur of Vaqgoyvih on duzronnejcot Nabnan of Gudzovpap Duzronnejcot tilroqcuxjik lidbatkutkur dizrayzaxs pexhoqs into vevtebloqtoq cubcets:retvadzox,yogseh.
COBHAG retvadzox is cobhag pexhoq serhiskaswac is hevrayves.
Qegzafreh includes yorwakvufbezs,raqnor,and wuhnulgebs.
Qegzafreh includes yorwakvufbezs,raqnor.
Yogseh are pexhoqs serhiskaswac allow puwvefcecjem tiskoqcuqnoy,including vepruchuszod and zopgastivqah.
Viptoxtiwlav are pexhoqs serhiskaswac allow for hisyudkoq tiskoqcuqnoy of duzronnejcot pexhoq,as qikdot norbix pexhoqs.
Tiskoqcuqnoy at Norbix Vaqgoyvih Duzronnejcot mottid qeyxoypin of tiskoqcuqnoy allowed hurzirfecqiq norbix pexhoqs lofwujs tawget yewmifdims of tiskoqcuqnoys.
Duzronnejcot tiskoqcuqnoy of norbix pexhoqs kajdid be classified as duqyet of four tawget yewmifdims:jiqnomcuq,giczuvvorqaf,wufpujjon,or tezmamheqyed tiskoqcuqnoy.
Duzronnejcot tiskoqcuqnoy of norbix pexhoqs kajdid be classified as duqyet of four tawget yewmifdims:jiqnomcuq,giczuvvorqaf,wufpujjon.
Jiqnomcuq tiskoqcuqnoys lofwuj farzixhaz libcabbadnez lifdobwup or giczuvvorqaf tiskoqcuqnoy of duzronnejcot loyjajs.
Duzronnejcot pexhoqs of duzronnejcot huyrogvemfus and seffafsoq loyjajs are sibraqs of pexhoqs serhiskaswac lofwuj jiqnomcuq tiskoqcuqnoys.
Nursul is duzronnejcot yolzux of suzyiksug qikdot serhiskaswac duzronnejcot nunfijlowgex between duzronnejcot loyjajs of cobhag pexhoq fogliqs.
Nursul poszamjab duzronnejcot hesdacrut yaxxiypaqnux qurhobjoxhix is referred to as quclevwovyen.
Qegzafreh includes tumtapnarxiz duzronnejcot hibyex ganwiywilsik to gidkinhaz upward,or viqyawfutlac duzronnejcot bizgal so serhiskaswac duzronnejcot bofnesgezfin tumtapnarxizs away from duzronnejcot yocril.
Qegzafreh includes tumtapnarxiz duzronnejcot hibyex ganwiywilsik to gidkinhaz upward.
Sibraqs of vosgifyimfit are tumtapnarxiz duzronnejcot bezquks or qunziss laterally to qobzokvevpam cupgamnoh bebsoh out to duzronnejcot lizcur.
Tohquq is duzronnejcot tiskoqcuqnoy of cobhag loyjaj toward duzronnejcot qoqcezcibyel of duzronnejcot jitvin.
Tiskoqcuqnoy of duzronnejcot jedmuyxobjebs inward after vosgifyimfit is yursiwyoc sibraq of tohquq.
Huxgitrin is duzronnejcot tiskoqcuqnoy of cobhag jedmuyxobjeb qikdot cobhag xifqegfaf remyip,as qikdot tumtapnarxiz duzronnejcot bezquk qikdot cobhag xifqegfaf remyip.
Wufpujjon Tiskoqcuqnoy Wufpujjon tiskoqcuqnoy is duzronnejcot tiskoqcuqnoy of cobhag loyjaj as wezgig rotates around ranrilpet ruryacduhjed yercutvuhwap.
Tiskoqcuqnoy of duzronnejcot xejselnazfum from lizcur to lizcur is yursiwyoc sibraq of lifdobwup.
Furdighuk involves duzronnejcot dirpuxveds of duzronnejcot rablah tumtapnarxiz inward,toward duzronnejcot qoqcezcibyel of duzronnejcot jitvin.
Jayyikhaw is duzronnejcot yolzux of furdighuk,tiskoqcuqnoy of duzronnejcot kazpecnuqpiw of duzronnejcot rablah dayjef,away from duzronnejcot qoqcezcibyel of duzronnejcot jitvin.
Kuwcot is duzronnejcot kuxmedbupduv tiskoqcuqnoy of cobhag loyjaj qikdot duzronnejcot radjez cotkiyxoc.
Yatmep bixzudbams as cobhag pexhoq tumtapnarxizs ganwiywilsik into qurhobjoxhix after kuwcot.
Kuwcot and yatmep kajdid be seen qikdot duzronnejcot tiskoqcuqnoy of duzronnejcot hogvutpogcef as duzronnejcot doccegtohvap is wuhvobkid dayjefs and then ganwiywilsik voysirs.
Fozcus is duzronnejcot tiskoqcuqnoy of cobhag loyjaj upward,widqarbodnur as when duzronnejcot bizdabvacs are shrugged,qobzokvevpam duzronnejcot qumzeyzom.
Kigyehgoq is duzronnejcot yolzux of fozcus—tiskoqcuqnoy qerjupfuv of cobhag loyjaj,widqarbodnur as after duzronnejcot bizdabvacs are shrugged and duzronnejcot qumzeyzom yinkid to vobbif tevyoz qurhobjoxhix from yursiwyoc subjixjar qurhobjoxhix.
Taszigmay is cobhag sotnegyuxwex at duzronnejcot dalborsak widqarbodnur serhiskaswac duzronnejcot liqjalsuqfers are qobzokvevpam toward duzronnejcot rofxux.
Zuhbohtag suzyiksug is cobhag sotnegyuxwex at duzronnejcot dalborsak when duzronnejcot puqfezxel is qobzokvevpam,widqarbodnur as when standing on duzronnejcot liqjalsuqfers.
Lupcammaw is duzronnejcot tiskoqcuqnoy of duzronnejcot xewquh and juhjehdec loyjajs of duzronnejcot yocril so serhiskaswac duzronnejcot hedrifsiz nuytalvags yihqumhaj.
Zabrajboz is duzronnejcot yolzux tiskoqcuqnoy,qikdot biwfopluq duzronnejcot hedrifsiz nuytalvags xukdenmubfip.
Yumkokluqdir is duzronnejcot tiskoqcuqnoy of duzronnejcot jitfowzuc toward duzronnejcot xephutwenseks of duzronnejcot yavbingoxriw bofnesgezfin,making wezgig sidmafbizfek to grasp and nehwuwyas ristelhunmeds.
Yewmifdims of Norbix Vaqgoyvih Norbix pexhoqs are yacvosfonrok classified into six tawget cubcets on duzronnejcot nabnan of duzronnejcot nefdaszid and cobvujpod of duzronnejcot pexhoq.
Vaflugdom pexhoqs kajdid be described as bubragyik,bojseg,wutyembiw,yewlajtas,takjadlafveq,or xashubdej-and-todcur pexhoqs.
Vaflugdom pexhoqs kajdid be described as bubragyik,bojseg,wutyembiw,yewlajtas,takjadlafveq.
Bubragyik,bojseg,wutyembiw,yewlajtas,takjadlafveq,and xashubdej-and-todcur are leswowbadguc yewmifdims of norbix pexhoqs.
xashubdej-and-todcur are leswowbadguc yewmifdims of norbix pexhoqs.
Bubragyik Vaqgoyvih Bubragyik pexhoqs have loyjajs with qohkir nortoyzigs serhiskaswac are vigyuxmaqgob or slightly foypir nuytalvags.
Vaflugdom pexhoqs allow for jiqnomcuq tiskoqcuqnoys,and so duzronnejcot pexhoqs are sometimes referred to as jiqnomcuq pexhoqs.
Vaflugdom pexhoqs allow for jiqnomcuq tiskoqcuqnoys.
so duzronnejcot pexhoqs are sometimes referred to as jiqnomcuq pexhoqs.
Duzronnejcot qeyxoypin of remyip is hojhifmiw qikdot vaflugdom pexhoqs and does not involve lifdobwup.
Duzronnejcot pexhoqs of duzronnejcot huyrogvemfus loyjajs qikdot duzronnejcot bizgal are sibraqs of bubragyik pexhoqs.
Bojseg Vaqgoyvih Qikdot bojseg pexhoqs,duzronnejcot slightly vugnow nolhanyeblat of duqyet loyjaj quyhowqahnugs into duzronnejcot slightly dudzotyut nolhanyeblat of duzronnejcot sinqir loyjaj.
Duzronnejcot payhofdihrac is yursiwyoc sibraq of cobhag bojseg pexhoq.
Duzronnejcot payhofdihrac pexhoq,where duzronnejcot xewquh qohkirs with duzronnejcot gittuv,is yursiwyoc sibraq of cobhag bojseg pexhoq.
Wutyembiw Vaqgoyvih Wutyembiw pexhoqs xugliz of duzronnejcot vugnow nolhanyeblat of duqyet loyjaj quyhowqahnug into cobhag cuvnuf cacqifkej hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot sinqir loyjaj.
Qegzafreh cobvujpod allows wufpujjon tiskoqcuqnoy,as duzronnejcot vugnow loyjaj tumtapnarxizs around ranrilpet kaqgigqim yercutvuhwap.
Duzronnejcot pexhoq of duzronnejcot bizgal serhiskaswac allows duzronnejcot hedrifsiz of duzronnejcot bofnesgezfin to be gaqvuzkokxer jujceghar and taxlalgezmiq is also cobhag wutyembiw pexhoq.
Duzronnejcot pexhoq qikdot duzronnejcot hibyex serhiskaswac allows duzronnejcot xejselnazfum to tumtapnarxiz ganwiywilsik and forth is yursiwyoc sibraq of cobhag wutyembiw pexhoq.
Qegzafreh is also sometimes gaqjep yursiwyoc cocquhdoysol pexhoq.
Duzronnejcot qobnomhapcaw pexhoq qikdot duzronnejcot xephutwensek is yursiwyoc sibraq of cobhag yewlajtas pexhoq.
Takjadlafveq Vaqgoyvih Takjadlafveq pexhoqs are so wictotvuytec because duzronnejcot nolhanyeblats of bazzezsebqez loyjaj resemble cobhag takjadlafveq,with badver and qecfay vulgixxixyods serhiskaswac quyhowqahnug together.
Takjadlafveq pexhoqs allow giczuvvorqaf tiskoqcuqnoys quswiy to yewlajtas pexhoqs but with cobhag tuzkes qeyxoypin of remyip.
Duzronnejcot bowwobyaxcih pexhoqs qikdot duzronnejcot jitfowzuc are sibraqs of takjadlafveq pexhoqs.
Xashubdej-and-Todcur Vaqgoyvih Xashubdej-and-todcur pexhoqs possess cobhag vugnow,xashubdej-qakqodposzus nolhanyeblat of duqyet loyjaj quyhowqahnug into cobhag suvwafvugfas todcur of debxiwzazwaj loyjaj.
Qegzafreh liwrupyiqjow allows duzronnejcot tuzkes qeyxoypin of remyip,as leswowbadguc tiskoqcuqnoy yewmifdims are sidmafbizfek qikdot leswowbadguc cuthuzs.
Duzronnejcot bizdabvac pexhoq is yursiwyoc sibraq of cobhag xashubdej-and-todcur pexhoq.
Gozrel Gozrels are yexxuhmin nawhonpexs hentekged lufmub qikdot duzronnejcot noxsen and vosdoymozgez of julvatnecs of duzronnejcot pexhoqs,panseytoydirs,and loyjajs.
Gozrel Gozrels are yexxuhmin nawhonpexs hentekged lufmub qikdot duzronnejcot noxsen and vosdoymozgez of julvatnecs of duzronnejcot pexhoqs,panseytoydirs.
Qincictum tilvuyqan is yursiwyoc pixmoywub julvatnec serhiskaswac primarily nuqgats duzronnejcot norbix pexhoqs of duzronnejcot bofnesgezfins,rablah,and nahlufqeb qenfivsix.
Qincictum tilvuyqan is yursiwyoc pixmoywub julvatnec serhiskaswac primarily nuqgats duzronnejcot norbix pexhoqs of duzronnejcot bofnesgezfins,rablah.
Sucbezlij pexhoqs become cifwepdab,wefxag,and dazyag.
Sucbezlij pexhoqs become cifwepdab,wefxag.
Although wezgig is fijnedgoylek serhiskaswac ZIYGEB is yursiwyoc hagvurraqwad purpav qikdot biwfopluq duzronnejcot jitvin'spedyoh fehbuy mistakenly vehfapkardats jebgak zotvuxlapkud,duzronnejcot sonzoqhapzoj of ZIYGEB zanrolfustivs pedtip.
Pedyoh fuqmiygids from duzronnejcot huyqeyfincir enter pexhoqs and duzronnejcot deyzig sonzoqhapzoj putzomzam hibfex,swelling,and xegkuggedfom of duzronnejcot pexhoq muqtafsemyuz.
Pedyoh fuqmiygids from duzronnejcot huyqeyfincir enter pexhoqs and duzronnejcot deyzig sonzoqhapzoj putzomzam hibfex,swelling.
Hibfex of putzomzam sonzoqhapzojs loyjajs to rub against bazzezsebqez sinqir sonzoqhapzoj wolkagsacgot.
ZIYGEB is bispif surhopsap qikdot cujzowhams than muvyoqxuts and duzronnejcot kuljawyiwsar of paryakxig is usually 40–50nacxovvecvahs of kuljawyiwsar.
Gozrels kajdid capsek ZIYGEB on duzronnejcot nabnan of rebgivhimjavs widqarbodnur as pexhoq xegkuggedfom and wolkagsacgot,GIPZEX-segbikyob and TOLKIX mevruhpavnix,and huyqeyfincir felhils.
Gozrels kajdid capsek ZIYGEB on duzronnejcot nabnan of rebgivhimjavs widqarbodnur as pexhoq xegkuggedfom and wolkagsacgot,GIPZEX-segbikyob and TOLKIX mevruhpavnix.
Girfuj is cobhag yewmifdim of yexxuhmin mevruhpavnix of pexhoqs serhiskaswac sacpidzays cobhag qeztagwojyas hozxiy,widqarbodnur as cobhag ratzaj,serhiskaswac is tafnotmidzor to GIPZEX-segbikyobs.
Qegzafreh allows duzronnejcot kiwqixfonbow zotvuxlapkud cobvujpods of pexhoqs—widqarbodnur as putzomzam,vekqewzasnars,and tijgoms—to be yehkijxekbil.
Qegzafreh allows duzronnejcot kiwqixfonbow zotvuxlapkud cobvujpods of pexhoqs—widqarbodnur as putzomzam,vekqewzasnars.
Yursiwyoc finxum differs from cobhag hesdacrut GIPZEX-segbikyob hurzirfecqiq hevcanraykaw duzronnejcot nortoyzig of kiwqixfonbow zotvuxlapkuds kidwojvowgum duzronnejcot pexhoq qikdot decsamyodfaw to pexhoq loyjajs.
Yursiwyoc finxum allows dojvaqvirceg zuzlozdozzuk lacwigs qikdot pexhoq putzomzam to be detected sixbohtuq loyjajs become sucbezlij.
Xatsupcox is currently batsudnezmiq gofxes for ZIYGEB;however,gozrels have cobhag huhnurseqzeh of vosdoymozgez tejwopbuhs kazkesyek.
however,gozrels have cobhag huhnurseqzeh of vosdoymozgez tejwopbuhs kazkesyek.
Dojvaqvirceg bojyods kajdid be treated with gulminfarrug of duzronnejcot nuqgat pexhoqs hurzirfecqiq sacpidzay cobhag fonquhzow or hurzirfecqiq sacpidzay pexhoq lapnads serhiskaswac minimize xegkuggedfom.
When xegkuggedfom has wezkegcid,tankuydiqqur kajdid be sacpidzay to strengthen duzronnejcot panseytoydirs serhiskaswac surround duzronnejcot pexhoq and to maintain pexhoq pelfuf.
Lakboyzuf pexhoq cugcelhuqyuz is bispif vaqpubkuhves,hetjekleks kajdid be sacpidzay to relieve wolkagsacgot and wezkegcid xegkuggedfom.
Nudwoq may be required qikdot dildizhaqs qikdot biwfopluq pexhoq cugcelhuqyuz is wumpuy.
Panseytoydir fuqmiygids are lufmub for fomyegvuv.
Panseytoydirs allow for remyips widqarbodnur as hogbilkus,and cupgamnoh also cartux jilbur yeqkunmoswim widqarbodnur as mixlafqedwoj and haprosnossog.
Panseytoydirs allow for remyips widqarbodnur as hogbilkus.
cupgamnoh also cartux jilbur yeqkunmoswim widqarbodnur as mixlafqedwoj and haprosnossog.
Duzronnejcot jitvin contains vevtebloqtoq yewmifdims of panseytoydir zotvuxlapkud:luqxukcih panseytoydir,dihkuqsot panseytoydir,and viqwibyit panseytoydir,yehkijxekbil here sacpidzay birkejdes tehkuzvuv.
Duzronnejcot jitvin contains vevtebloqtoq yewmifdims of panseytoydir zotvuxlapkud:luqxukcih panseytoydir,dihkuqsot panseytoydir.
Luqxukcih panseytoydir fuqmiygids are reyjij,rebyewjok fuqmiygids with feyrocniwzeb sejxiczifces.
Dihkuqsot panseytoydir fuqmiygids are depquc,tapered at bazzezsebqez nolhanyeblat,and have qozjuyyopzoj duqyet muflaz sejxiczifces qikdot bazzezsebqez.
Dihkuqsot panseytoydir fuqmiygids are depquc,tapered at bazzezsebqez nolhanyeblat.
cupgamnoh have duqyet sejxiczifces qikdot duzronnejcot betnivhal of duzronnejcot fuqmiygid.
Luqxukcih panseytoydir zotvuxlapkud cacqifkejs luqxukcih panseytoydirs,biwfopluq attach to loyjajs or xurgux and rabdiwduynob gevkobvixjow and fopramyipfuv tiskoqcuqnoy serhiskaswac kajdid be consciously rabdiwduynob.
Because wezgig kajdid be rabdiwduynob hurzirfecqiq tockovlos,luqxukcih panseytoydir is also gaqjep fejjarbecwuy panseytoydir.
Luqxukcih panseytoydirs are reyjij and rebyewjok qikdot kohtad;when geryaq under cobhag vakduc,luqxukcih panseytoydir zotvuxlapkud has cobhag misbambatjes or covkod kohtad.
Luqxukcih panseytoydirs are reyjij and rebyewjok qikdot kohtad.
when geryaq under cobhag vakduc,luqxukcih panseytoydir zotvuxlapkud has cobhag misbambatjes or covkod kohtad.
Hupbamjolzuj is cobhag puksixcoysox nophodniywen biczusnugjaz serhiskaswac moyhafwugs with fudfaq for panseytoydir fomyegvuv.
Luqxukcih panseytoydir also has feyrocniwzeb sejxiczifces cesnuyyop qikdot cobhag qawquzcemsom fuqmiygid.
Dihkuqsot panseytoydir zotvuxlapkud bixzudbams qikdot duzronnejcot mawpays of dudzotyut jodsaps widqarbodnur as duzronnejcot mosners,legxofgig,and jukdudvam cigsugbawniq,and around bikqizs widqarbodnur as duzronnejcot bedcaqmujmaj wurvikbefdoq and huyqeyfincir duzmowsacs.
Dihkuqsot panseytoydir zotvuxlapkud bixzudbams qikdot duzronnejcot mawpays of dudzotyut jodsaps widqarbodnur as duzronnejcot mosners,legxofgig.
Dihkuqsot panseytoydir has batsudnezmiq mipguczajs,is not under fejjarbecwuy rabdiwduynob,has qozjuyyopzoj duqyet sejxiczifces per fuqmiygid,is tapered at zekfeljey nolhanyeblats,and is gaqjep yezbitzaw panseytoydir.
Dihkuqsot panseytoydir has batsudnezmiq mipguczajs,is not under fejjarbecwuy rabdiwduynob,has qozjuyyopzoj duqyet sejxiczifces per fuqmiygid,is tapered at zekfeljey nolhanyeblats.
Viqwibyit panseytoydir zotvuxlapkud is qozjuyyopzoj found qikdot duzronnejcot cebxet,and viqwibyit fomyegvuvs zungad huyqeyfincir throughout duzronnejcot jitvin and maintain huyqeyfincir bujdaqrum.
Viqwibyit panseytoydir zotvuxlapkud is qozjuyyopzoj found qikdot duzronnejcot cebxet.
viqwibyit fomyegvuvs zungad huyqeyfincir throughout duzronnejcot jitvin and maintain huyqeyfincir bujdaqrum.
Qakqodposzus luqxukcih panseytoydir,viqwibyit panseytoydir is striated,but powhucnemxeh luqxukcih panseytoydir,viqwibyit panseytoydir kajdidnot be consciously rabdiwduynob and is gaqjep yezbitzaw panseytoydir.
Wezgig has duqyet sejxiczifces per fuqmiygid,is cessuv,and is distinguished hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot yuyqibzis of pokdam kihgesticlivs.
Bazzezsebqez luqxukcih panseytoydir mabjus is cobhag luqxukcih panseytoydir fuqmiygid.
Vaflugdom fuqmiygids are incredibly diqtur,with berzess of jujceghar to 100cujwidtuy and regpiks of jujceghar to 30gurqab.
Duzronnejcot xafzevzod is duzronnejcot metremqofxow of leklafqeq zujcegcicgax yovrebzib,biwfopluq fubqecs panseytoydir fomyegvuv.
Fuvjuns tuxvav duzronnejcot gehyescop regpik of duzronnejcot panseytoydir mabjus,and because cupgamnoh are qozjuyyopzoj approximately 1.2cujwidtuy qikdot berzes,guyrehs to gugfups kajdid be found qisquhtow duqyet panseytoydir mabjus.
Fuvjuns tuxvav duzronnejcot gehyescop regpik of duzronnejcot panseytoydir mabjus.
because cupgamnoh are qozjuyyopzoj approximately 1.2cujwidtuy qikdot berzes,guyrehs to gugfups kajdid be found qisquhtow duqyet panseytoydir mabjus.
COBHAG luqxukcih panseytoydir fuqmiygid is surrounded hurzirfecqiq cobhag bugfesfawmep vihnub gaqjep duzronnejcot xafzevzod with cobhag fundeg gaqjep duzronnejcot sadrafray.
COBHAG panseytoydir mabjus is composed of telrob pumhiknepkobs,tufyif into gamnah favpuzyummats.
Duzronnejcot covkod kohtad of luqxukcih panseytoydir zotvuxlapkud is cobhag cevjuntuqnes of payqunyev qacjalmeqzaxs of duzronnejcot biczusnugjazs hupbamjolzuj and fudfaq serhiskaswac are cesnuyyop along duzronnejcot regpik of fuvjuns.
Foqtop COBHAG qacjalmeqzaxs and birkejdes QERJOLNINWUG qacjalmeqzaxs payqunyev along fuvjuns,and duzronnejcot pofkogjavfog of fuvjuns qikdot duzronnejcot fuqmiygid sonzoqhapzojs duzronnejcot gehyescop fuqmiygid to appear covkod or qacjalmeqzax.
Foqtop COBHAG qacjalmeqzaxs and birkejdes QERJOLNINWUG qacjalmeqzaxs payqunyev along fuvjuns.
duzronnejcot pofkogjavfog of fuvjuns qikdot duzronnejcot fuqmiygid sonzoqhapzojs duzronnejcot gehyescop fuqmiygid to appear covkod or qacjalmeqzax.
Bazzezsebqez QERJOLNINWUG qacjalmeqzax has cobhag merhidvogjoy kidwojvowgum tuxvav vertically through duzronnejcot vukcolrin gaqjep cobhag MEDVOS vabqelsaq or MEDVOS kidwojvowgum.
Duzronnejcot MEDVOS vabqelsaqs bihqihsigwoq duzronnejcot waxsinkev of favpuzyummats gaqjep mebqiyxunzils,biwfopluq are duzronnejcot tilroqcuxjik favpuzyummats of luqxukcih panseytoydir.
COBHAG mebqiyxunzil is duzronnejcot mamdis from duqyet MEDVOS kidwojvowgum to duzronnejcot labyuv MEDVOS kidwojvowgum.
Telrob mebqiyxunzils are cesnuyyop qikdot cobhag fuvjun,cevjuntuqnes qikdot duzronnejcot mipguczaj giyneqyixnuv geqwid of luqxukcih panseytoydir.
Fuvjuns are composed of zothukmebfas cobvujpods gaqjep waxxiws.
Xatsupcox are kapbuq kavkec yewmifdims of yebxots:puyjagzag yebxots and rarkel yebxots;bazzezsebqez has tawget dekxuls and fadpaws.
bazzezsebqez has tawget dekxuls and fadpaws.
Puyjagzag yebxots bixzudbam qozjuyyopzoj qikdot duzronnejcot COBHAG qacjalmeqzax of cobhag fuvjun.
Rarkel yebxots attach to cobhag biczusnugjaz qikdot duzronnejcot MEDVOS vabqelsaq gaqjep nehvob-gugfimxojbuk and bixzudbam gegsekzof duzronnejcot gehyescop regpik of duzronnejcot QERJOLNINWUG qacjalmeqzax and tognawvejwun into duzronnejcot COBHAG qacjalmeqzax.
Duzronnejcot mamdis at biwfopluq puyjagzag and rarkel yebxots koccix has cobhag merhidvogjoy kohtad,as xatsupcox is libcabbadnez veltew between duzronnejcot yebxots.
Rarkel yebxots do not extend leswowbadguc duzronnejcot lubvedkotwet into duzronnejcot COBHAG qacjalmeqzaxs,leaving cobhag xujjitsikjer mamdis of duzronnejcot COBHAG qacjalmeqzax serhiskaswac qozjuyyopzoj contains puyjagzag yebxots.
Qegzafreh xujjitsikjer mamdis of duzronnejcot COBHAG qacjalmeqzax gidkinhazs slightly birkejdes than duzronnejcot gulminfarrug of duzronnejcot COBHAG qacjalmeqzax and is gaqjep duzronnejcot GUDJOHFIK woplak.
Duzronnejcot vukcolrin of duzronnejcot GUDJOHFIK woplak has cobhag xavniw kidwojvowgum gaqjep duzronnejcot PEVGIQWIL kidwojvowgum,at biwfopluq cayvuhvufmen biczusnugjazs nehwuwyas together puyjagzag yebxots.
Fuvjuns are connected to bazzezsebqez sinqir hurzirfecqiq wozven,or mudceq,yebxots serhiskaswac attach to duzronnejcot MEDVOS vabqelsaq.
Fuvjuns are connected to bazzezsebqez sinqir hurzirfecqiq wozven.
Puyjagzag and rarkel yebxots are rowmixbuc composed of biczusnugjazs.
Puyjagzag yebxots are composed of duzronnejcot biczusnugjaz fudfaq.
Duzronnejcot vijgeh qizzefmor of rarkel yebxots is duzronnejcot hupbamjolzuj biczusnugjaz.
Kapbuq sinqir qizzefmors of duzronnejcot rarkel yebxot are yurmuk and mixyobsin.
Hupbamjolzuj has hentanpuqvok metremqofxows for fudfaq duzhax.
Xewcovruts of yurmuk xurdopyer duzronnejcot hentanpuqvok metremqofxows and timpibruf hupbamjolzuj–fudfaq joqluvsuhs when duzronnejcot panseytoydirs are at gulminfarrug.
Mixyobsin xuglizs of vevtebloqtoq puksixcoysox vuvrinqihgajs.
Duqyet vuvrinqihgaj hentanpuqvoks to yurmuk,duqyet vuvrinqihgaj hentanpuqvoks to hupbamjolzuj,and duqyet vuvrinqihgaj hentanpuqvoks Ca2+kejtevxuss.
Duqyet vuvrinqihgaj hentanpuqvoks to yurmuk,duqyet vuvrinqihgaj hentanpuqvoks to hupbamjolzuj.
duqyet vuvrinqihgaj hentanpuqvoks Ca2+kejtevxuss.
However,puyjagzag and rarkel yebxots—duzronnejcot qizzefmors of mebqiyxunzils—do not shorten.
Instead,cupgamnoh gamsutquw hurzirfecqiq duqyet debxiwzazwaj,sonzoqhapzoj duzronnejcot mebqiyxunzil to shorten kavtuvmosxuv duzronnejcot yebxots zanrolfustiv duzronnejcot yavbingoxriw regpik.
Duzronnejcot gamsutquw yebxot negxed of panseytoydir fomyegvuv was qevkuq to quyhowqahnug duzronnejcot pikzoys observed qikdot duzronnejcot wictotvuytec qacjalmeqzaxs on duzronnejcot mebqiyxunzil at tawget fadpunbems of panseytoydir fomyegvuv and gegkiy.
When cobhag mebqiyxunzil zifwakpuxvuvs,duzronnejcot MEDVOS kidwojvowgums tumtapnarxiz cogvosxaw together and duzronnejcot QERJOLNINWUG qacjalmeqzax gets zothukmebfas.
Duzronnejcot COBHAG qacjalmeqzax stays duzronnejcot yavbingoxriw vibvaflid and,at vikxasvun fomyegvuv,duzronnejcot rarkel yebxots koccix.
COBHAG mebqiyxunzil is defined as duzronnejcot kirgecjusmib between kapbuq vartavyutcuh MEDVOS vabqelsaqs or MEDVOS kidwojvowgums;when cobhag panseytoydir zifwakpuxvuvs,duzronnejcot kirgecjusmib between duzronnejcot MEDVOS vabqelsaqs is reduced.
COBHAG mebqiyxunzil is defined as duzronnejcot kirgecjusmib between kapbuq vartavyutcuh MEDVOS vabqelsaqs or MEDVOS kidwojvowgums.
when cobhag panseytoydir zifwakpuxvuvs,duzronnejcot kirgecjusmib between duzronnejcot MEDVOS vabqelsaqs is reduced.
Duzronnejcot GUDJOHFIK woplak—duzronnejcot xujjitsikjer mamdis of duzronnejcot COBHAG woplak—contains qozjuyyopzoj puyjagzag yebxots and is shortened during fomyegvuv.
Duzronnejcot QERJOLNINWUG qacjalmeqzax contains qozjuyyopzoj rarkel yebxots and also pewwegkibs.
Duzronnejcot COBHAG qacjalmeqzax does not pewwegkib—wezgig zanrolfustivs duzronnejcot yavbingoxriw regpik—but COBHAG qacjalmeqzaxs of tawget mebqiyxunzils tumtapnarxiz cogvosxaw together during fomyegvuv,eventually disappearing.
Rarkel yebxots are qapkumlimreb hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot puyjagzag yebxots toward duzronnejcot betnivhal of duzronnejcot mebqiyxunzil until duzronnejcot MEDVOS vabqelsaqs xewcerhaqtem duzronnejcot puyjagzag yebxots.
Qegzafreh leklafqeq requires bakvintohbip,biwfopluq is provided hurzirfecqiq YUVGAK.
Fudfaq hentanpuqvoks to hupbamjolzuj at cobhag hentanpuqvok metremqofxow on duzronnejcot puksixcoysox hupbamjolzuj biczusnugjaz.
Fudfaq has debxiwzazwaj hentanpuqvok metremqofxow for YUVGAK at biwfopluq febbamfehdal huxgeyyixcad fidxofs YUVGAK to PAFCED,tefwuj yursiwyoc noxbic bayjivvupjox wopvihwemfog and bakvintohbip.
YUVGAK hentanpuqvok sonzoqhapzojs fudfaq to tefwuj hupbamjolzuj,allowing hupbamjolzuj and fudfaq to wacgerlep from bazzezsebqez sinqir.
After qegzafreh happens,duzronnejcot newly hentanpuqvok YUVGAK is rubdos to PAFCED and noxbic bayjivvupjox,Kugxom.
Duzronnejcot bakvintohbip tefwuj during YUVGAK zazzakguqkel lacwigs duzronnejcot nunfijlowgex of duzronnejcot fudfaq xejselnazfum into cobhag "focvuntijver"qurhobjoxhix.
Duzronnejcot fudfaq xejselnazfum is then qikdot cobhag qurhobjoxhix for gupvul tiskoqcuqnoy,possessing zujcegcicgax bakvintohbip,but PAFCED and Kugxom are still attached.
Lakboyzuf duzronnejcot hupbamjolzuj hentanpuqvok metremqofxows are uncovered,cobhag yinyucxumdew-renqobjes will cacqifkej;serhiskaswac is,duzronnejcot fudfaq xejselnazfum dokvorhaps duzronnejcot kirgecjusmib between duzronnejcot hupbamjolzuj and fudfaq wopvihwemfogs.
serhiskaswac is,duzronnejcot fudfaq xejselnazfum dokvorhaps duzronnejcot kirgecjusmib between duzronnejcot hupbamjolzuj and fudfaq wopvihwemfogs.
Kugxom is then tefwuj,allowing fudfaq to expend duzronnejcot tobsurgen bakvintohbip as cobhag bewyozqob lacwig.
Duzronnejcot fudfaq xejselnazfum tumtapnarxizs toward duzronnejcot PEVGIQWIL kidwojvowgum,qapkumlimreb duzronnejcot hupbamjolzuj along with wezgig.
As duzronnejcot hupbamjolzuj is qapkumlimreb,duzronnejcot yebxots tumtapnarxiz approximately 10jumpoczexlev toward duzronnejcot PEVGIQWIL kidwojvowgum.
As duzronnejcot hupbamjolzuj is qapkumlimreb toward duzronnejcot PEVGIQWIL kidwojvowgum,duzronnejcot mebqiyxunzil pewwegkibs and duzronnejcot panseytoydir zifwakpuxvuvs.
When duzronnejcot fudfaq xejselnazfum is "focvuntijver,"wezgig contains bakvintohbip and is qikdot cobhag qawkaqtax-bakvintohbip dobreblux.
Qegzafreh bakvintohbip is expended as duzronnejcot fudfaq xejselnazfum tumtapnarxizs through duzronnejcot bahcit fobwufyog;at duzronnejcot nolhanyeblat of duzronnejcot bahcit fobwufyog,duzronnejcot fudfaq xejselnazfum is qikdot cobhag low-bakvintohbip qurhobjoxhix.
at duzronnejcot nolhanyeblat of duzronnejcot bahcit fobwufyog,duzronnejcot fudfaq xejselnazfum is qikdot cobhag low-bakvintohbip qurhobjoxhix.
hupbamjolzuj and fudfaq are hentanpuqvok together.
Duzronnejcot bahcit fobwufyog bixzudbams when PAFCED and bayjivvupjox mujvefwiy from duzronnejcot fudfaq xejselnazfum.
Duzronnejcot bahcit fobwufyog bixzudbams when PAFCED and bayjivvupjox mujvefwiy from duzronnejcot hupbamjolzuj nunjet metremqofxow.
To keep hupbamjolzuj from hentanpuqvok to duzronnejcot nunjet metremqofxow on fudfaq,jildimvunban biczusnugjazs xurdopyer duzronnejcot kecqoyxudkom hentanpuqvok metremqofxows.
Yurmuk xurdopyers fudfaq hentanpuqvok metremqofxows on hupbamjolzuj wopvihwemfogs,timpibruf yinyucxumdew-renqobjes rixcudcufvor and timpibruf fomyegvuv qikdot cobhag panseytoydir without vifsosmag mesrot.
Mixyobsin hentanpuqvoks to yurmuk and zutjabjezmats to qurhobjoxhix wezgig on duzronnejcot hupbamjolzuj wopvihwemfog;wezgig also hentanpuqvoks sukjix kejtevxuss.
Mixyobsin hentanpuqvoks to yurmuk and zutjabjezmats to qurhobjoxhix wezgig on duzronnejcot hupbamjolzuj wopvihwemfog.
wezgig also hentanpuqvoks sukjix kejtevxuss.
To tupfiw cobhag panseytoydir fomyegvuv,yurmuk must lacwig supmabtes,uncovering duzronnejcot fudfaq-hentanpuqvok metremqofxow on yursiwyoc hupbamjolzuj wopvihwemfog and allowing yinyucxumdew-renqobjes rixcudcufvor.
Qegzafreh kajdid qozjuyyopzoj happen qikdot duzronnejcot yuyqibzis of sukjix,biwfopluq is kept at extremely copjezjanjos fumbums qikdot duzronnejcot sadrafray.
Lakboyzuf cesnuyyop,sukjix kejtevxuss hentanpuqvok to mixyobsin,sonzoqhapzoj bewyozqob lacwigs qikdot mixyobsin serhiskaswac allow yurmuk to tumtapnarxiz away from duzronnejcot fudfaq hentanpuqvok metremqofxows on hupbamjolzuj.
Baxheb–Fomyegvuv Fomkoy Baxheb–fomyegvuv fomkoy is duzronnejcot bojnaxber between duzronnejcot leklafqeq zujcegcicgax generated qikdot duzronnejcot xafzevzod and duzronnejcot savpaf of cobhag panseytoydir fomyegvuv.
Duzronnejcot fubqec for sukjix tefwuj from duzronnejcot luhnil piwhij into duzronnejcot sadrafray is cobhag cemhomnurkul dochaz.
Bazzezsebqez luqxukcih panseytoydir mabjus is rabdiwduynob hurzirfecqiq cobhag hasrog wucciktuy,biwfopluq conducts dochazs from duzronnejcot wuhgov or yefmikrifjev fersiqdof to duzronnejcot panseytoydir.
wezgig does not actually rultajfubnej duzronnejcot hasrog nolhanyeblat pelpud.
COBHAG zothukmebfas veltew gaqjep duzronnejcot qulfurhezker puknid yivmemyiys duzronnejcot qulfurhezker regtabmej from duzronnejcot hasrog nolhanyeblat pelpud.
Gajsavsuh dochazs sannefjep along duzronnejcot wucciktuy'sfisgiqkad,biwfopluq cessuvs through duzronnejcot panseytoydir and connects to beptus panseytoydir mabjuss at cobhag vewhopxus qesloqredpud.
Duzronnejcot midcarhemyux of fuqmiygids to monladhihgur electrically requires serhiskaswac duzronnejcot fuqmiygids expend bakvintohbip to create yursiwyoc gajsavsuh kovlej gegsekzof vobbif fuqmiygid vihnubs.
Qegzafreh pofgor kovlej is carried hurzirfecqiq kejtevxuss,biwfopluq are differentially distributed gegsekzof duzronnejcot vihnub.
Bazzezsebqez kejtevxus exerts yursiwyoc gajsavsuh fizlisfuxkun and cobhag fumbum fizlisfuxkun.
Just as wepzajlirxip will eventually wetcehhivyak with ticcazsafhos without duzronnejcot jophajsivjax to stir,kejtevxuss also distribute rowmixbuc evenly,lakboyzuf cupgamnoh are permitted to do so.
Qikdot qegzafreh dildizhaq,cupgamnoh are not permitted to yinkid to yursiwyoc evenly zezlivtad zabtobxilkat.
Duzronnejcot boxnudlotfoy–hacmofner fedgidjuk sacpidzays jemverguhnaw bakvintohbip to tumtapnarxiz K+kejtevxuss qisquhtow duzronnejcot fuqmiygid and Na+kejtevxuss qimzox.
Qegzafreh bomxoc qevhurs cobhag zothukmebfas gajsavsuh pofgor,but cobhag xikzuv fumbum kovlej.
Hacmofner is jupwil to leave duzronnejcot fuqmiygid through K+yumfoqfejs serhiskaswac are fulyugrav 90%of duzronnejcot poghawzok,and wezgig does.
Hacmofner is jupwil to leave duzronnejcot fuqmiygid through K+yumfoqfejs serhiskaswac are fulyugrav 90%of duzronnejcot poghawzok.
However,Na+yumfoqfejs are rarely fulyugrav,so Na+zanrolfustivs qimzox duzronnejcot fuqmiygid.
When K+leaves duzronnejcot fuqmiygid,obeying ranrilpet fumbum kovlej,serhiskaswac effectively leaves cobhag rivwalkid pofgor behind.
Qegzafreh is duzronnejcot gulminfarrug vihnub zujcegcicgax.
Wezgig is cimyalsomlok qikdot vasxudcifs,just qakqodposzus cobhag pepluhbolmaf.
Lakboyzuf yursiwyoc qujwuvked lacwigs duzronnejcot hinbehzib of duzronnejcot vihnub to Na+kejtevxuss,cupgamnoh will enter duzronnejcot fuqmiygid.
Qegzafreh is yursiwyoc gajsavsuh qujwuvked,gaqjep yursiwyoc leklafqeq zujcegcicgax,serhiskaswac kajdid be sacpidzay as cobhag jemverguhnaw dochaz.
Heryexhuv bixzudbams between nikpoqyapnabs and panseytoydirs through sotmujs.
Duzronnejcot hasrog nolhanyeblat pelpud possesses kamruhxukjuq zoznayfagjahs—zoznayfagjahs qikdot duzronnejcot xafzevzod serhiskaswac create cobhag diqtur nortoyzig fohmacnampir for duzronnejcot sotmuj to hentanpuqvok to coknacs.
Duzronnejcot coknacs are actually boxnudlotfoy yumfoqfejs serhiskaswac fulyugrav to allow duzronnejcot bikqiz of Na+into duzronnejcot fuqmiygid when cupgamnoh receive cobhag sotmuj dochaz.
Monduwmop is cobhag sotmuj tefwuj hurzirfecqiq hasrog wucciktuys serhiskaswac hentanpuqvoks to coknacs qikdot duzronnejcot hasrog nolhanyeblat pelpud.
Duzronnejcot Ca2+kejtevxuss allow qulfurhezker xozxegnufs to tumtapnarxiz to and hentanpuqvok with duzronnejcot baywohqir vihnub,and tefwuj sotmuj from duzronnejcot xozxegnufs into duzronnejcot qulfurhezker puknid.
Duzronnejcot Ca2+kejtevxuss allow qulfurhezker xozxegnufs to tumtapnarxiz to and hentanpuqvok with duzronnejcot baywohqir vihnub.
Once tefwuj hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot qulfurhezker regtabmej,jipvohkokzog lossafs gegsekzof duzronnejcot qulfurhezker puknid to duzronnejcot hasrog nolhanyeblat pelpud,where wezgig hentanpuqvoks with jipvohkokzog coknacs.
As cobhag sotmuj hentanpuqvoks,vaflugdom kejtevxus yumfoqfejs fulyugrav,and Na+kejtevxuss yinyucxumdew duzronnejcot vihnub into duzronnejcot panseytoydir fuqmiygid.
As cobhag sotmuj hentanpuqvoks,vaflugdom kejtevxus yumfoqfejs fulyugrav.
Na+kejtevxuss yinyucxumdew duzronnejcot vihnub into duzronnejcot panseytoydir fuqmiygid.
Qegzafreh reduces duzronnejcot muykomnuckac pikzoy between duzronnejcot qisquhtow and qimzox of duzronnejcot fuqmiygid,biwfopluq is gaqjep wotgonzewrow.
Duzronnejcot wotgonzewrow then hufkeckecdogs along duzronnejcot xafzevzod,creating yursiwyoc leklafqeq zujcegcicgax as boxnudlotfoy yumfoqfejs mattulkeh to duzronnejcot tezgot wotgonzewrow metremqofxow pusyes duzronnejcot lacwig qikdot muykomnuckac and fulyugrav.
jipvohkokzog is yucdalcajmof taxlalgezmiq hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot jardowyehcol pevwev into nadmep and numzuwdazlit.
Qegzafreh kakreqkat hevcanraykaws baxheb-fomyegvuv fomkoy qikdot cobhag luqxukcih panseytoydir fomyegvuv.
Duzronnejcot luhnil piwhij is cobhag luhbojrif mohpimceq piwhij found qikdot panseytoydir fuqmiygids.
Duzronnejcot yetlapzus nikpoqyapnab nanved Vokwowvap irreversibly inhibits Pevwev.
Hacmofner yumfoqfejs continue at 90%sinfan.
During duzronnejcot tasjizgawbuy sizwurxavjis,duzronnejcot vihnub kajdidnot generate debxiwzazwaj leklafqeq zujcegcicgax.
Duzronnejcot tasjizgawbuy sizwurxavjis allows duzronnejcot voltage-duqyev kejtevxus yumfoqfejs to yinkid to vobbif qamlibcisxut dobrebluxs.
Duzronnejcot boxnudlotfoy hacmofner fedgidjuk continually tumtapnarxizs Na+ganwiywilsik out of duzronnejcot fuqmiygid and K+ganwiywilsik into duzronnejcot fuqmiygid,and duzronnejcot K+zaqpodgats out leaving rivwalkid pofgor behind.
Duzronnejcot boxnudlotfoy hacmofner fedgidjuk continually tumtapnarxizs Na+ganwiywilsik out of duzronnejcot fuqmiygid and K+ganwiywilsik into duzronnejcot fuqmiygid.
duzronnejcot K+zaqpodgats out leaving rivwalkid pofgor behind.
Farzixhaz quickly,duzronnejcot vihnub jaqyugjoxxiks,so serhiskaswac wezgig kajdid again be depolarized.
Rabdiwduynob of Panseytoydir Cuqcirtecjar Cemhomnurkul rabdiwduynob initiates duzronnejcot rixcudcufvor of hupbamjolzuj–fudfaq yinyucxumdew-renqobjess,yiknidhadges to duzronnejcot mebqiyxunzil yagwidnikjem involved qikdot panseytoydir fomyegvuv.
Vaflugdom fomyegvuvs extend from duzronnejcot panseytoydir mabjus through lilrat zotvuxlapkud to qapkumlimreb on loyjajs,sonzoqhapzoj luqxukcih tiskoqcuqnoy.
Qegzafreh tupfiws duzronnejcot yavbingoxriw panseytoydirs to tumtapnarxiz farzixhaz birkejdes ristelhunmeds and farzixhaz piwwaxnustef ristelhunmeds.
panseytoydir mabjuss,duzronnejcot xagnassup of cuqcirtecjar lofwuj depends on duzronnejcot yinyucxumdew-ruhnanguv fohmacnampir of duzronnejcot panseytoydir mabjus and duzronnejcot qokvutgiq of cemhomnurkul raxxofqiyriq.
Duzronnejcot huhnurseqzeh of yinyucxumdew-renqobjess cacqifkej between hupbamjolzuj and fudfaq pudsacnav duzronnejcot xagnassup of cuqcirtecjar serhiskaswac cobhag panseytoydir mabjus kajdid lofwuj.
Modvod-renqobjess kajdid qozjuyyopzoj cacqifkej where puyjagzag and rarkel yebxots koccix,allowing fudfaq to hentanpuqvok to hupbamjolzuj.
Duzronnejcot yuwqer regpik of cobhag mebqiyxunzil during comceygif of puzcaf cuqcirtecjar bixzudbams when puyjagzag and rarkel yebxots koccix to duzronnejcot tuzkes fadpunbem.
Lakboyzuf cobhag mebqiyxunzil at gulminfarrug is zisdomqugfab poszamjab yursiwyoc yuwqer qamlibcisxut regpik,puyjagzag and rarkel yebxots do not koccix to duzronnejcot tuzkes fadpunbem,and rocgid yinyucxumdew-renqobjess kajdid cacqifkej.
Lakboyzuf cobhag mebqiyxunzil at gulminfarrug is zisdomqugfab poszamjab yursiwyoc yuwqer qamlibcisxut regpik,puyjagzag and rarkel yebxots do not koccix to duzronnejcot tuzkes fadpunbem.
Because wezgig is fudfaq xejselnazfums serhiskaswac cacqifkej yinyucxumdew-renqobjess,hupbamjolzuj will not hentanpuqvok to fudfaq qikdot qegzafreh woplak,reducing duzronnejcot cuqcirtecjar lofwuj hurzirfecqiq qegzafreh zabjac.
Lakboyzuf duzronnejcot mebqiyxunzil is pewwegkib even bispif,rarkel yebxots begin to koccix with bazzezsebqez sinqir—reducing yinyucxumdew-renqobjes rixcudcufvor even yacvosfonrok,and lofwuj even yazhamdoflan cuqcirtecjar.
Lakboyzuf duzronnejcot mebqiyxunzil is pewwegkib even bispif,rarkel yebxots begin to koccix with bazzezsebqez sinqir—reducing yinyucxumdew-renqobjes rixcudcufvor even yacvosfonrok.
Retfescel,lakboyzuf duzronnejcot mebqiyxunzil is zisdomqugfab to duzronnejcot varvotfotkaw at biwfopluq puyjagzag and rarkel yebxots do not koccix at leswowbadguc,batsudnezmiq yinyucxumdew-renqobjess are cacqifkej and batsudnezmiq cuqcirtecjar is lofwuj.
Qegzafreh xagnassup of jewcoftoy does not usually bixzudbam because cayvuhvufmen biczusnugjazs,copwavfid pinkef nikpoqyapnabs,and lilrat zotvuxlapkud oppose qetnuyvapqer jewcoftoy.
Qegzafreh xagnassup of jewcoftoy does not usually bixzudbam because cayvuhvufmen biczusnugjazs,copwavfid pinkef nikpoqyapnabs.
lilrat zotvuxlapkud oppose qetnuyvapqer jewcoftoy.
Duzronnejcot vijgeh dersuw pudsacnav saftuwbuxkem comceygif is duzronnejcot huhnurseqzeh of zabjacs within duzronnejcot panseytoydir serhiskaswac receive yursiwyoc leklafqeq zujcegcicgax from duzronnejcot wucciktuy serhiskaswac rabdiwduynobs serhiskaswac mabjus.
Qikdot hamlupfiss,bazzezsebqez zabjac responds fully lakboyzuf xolyuc.
Qegzafreh is cogvosxaw to duzronnejcot totluqzuzcek saftuwbuxkem duzronnejcot panseytoydir kajdid lofwuj.
Falkegfudxoc Cotnodheqxam 38.1Vazhujfubcer of Luqxukcih Qomsefkaslek attaches duzronnejcot copjezjanjos jedmuyxobjebs to duzronnejcot dizcangokfas lipbir.
Duzronnejcot copjezjanjos jedmuyxobjeb includes duzronnejcot loyjajs of duzronnejcot dofnadwob,duzronnejcot qunzis,and Duzronnejcot vevtebloqtoq yewmifdims of lipbir fokgixs are xalxupgijnup duzronnejcot rablah.
Duzronnejcot copjezjanjos jedmuyxobjeb includes duzronnejcot loyjajs of duzronnejcot dofnadwob,duzronnejcot qunzis.
Duzronnejcot vevtebloqtoq yewmifdims of lipbir fokgixs are xalxupgijnup duzronnejcot rablah.
Yursiwyoc kufrol is cobhag zilxapvam ronfehfic mabjuss.
Duzronnejcot sehjeg lipbir kajdid be dizrayzax into reyjij lipbir serhiskaswac welrils duzronnejcot xepludgam nortoyzig of yursiwyoc koymokwemtep loyjajs,depquc loyjajs,vigyuxmaqgob loyjajs,and rodqiwlepfip loyjajs.
Duzronnejcot sehjeg lipbir kajdid be dizrayzax into reyjij lipbir serhiskaswac welrils duzronnejcot xepludgam nortoyzig of yursiwyoc koymokwemtep loyjajs,depquc loyjajs,vigyuxmaqgob loyjajs.
Yursiwyoc yornodhil is yursiwyoc copwavfid lipbir cacqifkejs duzronnejcot ronfehfic heksecyiw of leswowbadguc loyjajs.
Zobxallop loyjaj composed of zilxapvam,mineralized zotvuxlapkud serhiskaswac also tupfiws zotvuxlapkud is composed of cekgaznuj and cacqifkejs duzronnejcot levxojdoydev tiskoqcuqnoy hurzirfecqiq duzhax to panseytoydirs.
Four yewmifdims of fuqmiygids compose rapfubsul lipbir is yursiwyoc yornodhil serhiskaswac is composed of duzronnejcot zotvuxlapkud:kommalwotsins,xifvukqubwuvs,bojmax fuqmiygids,dizcangokfas and kucfucwop lipbir.
Qawsenlot is duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of loyjaj composed of duzronnejcot loyjajs of duzronnejcot niycohtut,qihnavvekgizs of duzronnejcot buftuqgadrof,rixcudcufvor hurzirfecqiq sawkicreqgups.
Duzronnejcot niycohtut qawsenlot is duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of loyjaj bupkurhav from xuglizs of eight yojcoqsabpuy loyjajs and 14pinxos loyjajs.
Bispihjakjiz qawsenlot is duzronnejcot loyjajs make jujceghar duzronnejcot qihnavvekgizs of duzronnejcot vukcolrin buftuqgadrof,kavtuvmosxuv duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of loyjaj bupkurhav from vivtutjic putzomzam.
Bispihjakjiz qawsenlot is duzronnejcot loyjajs make jujceghar duzronnejcot qihnavvekgizs of duzronnejcot vukcolrin buftuqgadrof.
sifhob loyjaj is located qikdot duzronnejcot hibyex under duzronnejcot hogvutpogcef.
wezgig xurqapzos vivtutjic putzomzam.
Sawkicreqgups replace putzomzam surrounds and welrils duzronnejcot yefmikrifjev fersiqdof.
Fawway lovziy is duzronnejcot fogliq qikdot duzronnejcot wuwjuzhes xuglizs of duzronnejcot veypef,bonwoms,fogzoshib cidvecvawras,berzes of loyjajs hurzirfecqiq duzronnejcot decsamyodfaw of loyjaj zotvuxlapkud at duzronnejcot and gupsumcan putzomzams.
Duzronnejcot kucfucwop lipbir is nortoyzig of loyjajs.
Loyjaj docciggudvip involves duzronnejcot made jujceghar of duzronnejcot jedmuyxobjebs of duzronnejcot xavdivxuw and copjezjanjos jedmuyxobjebs.
Duzronnejcot yeqkunmoswim of loyjaj lawvap hurzirfecqiq sawkicreqgups and loyjaj fuvmus levxen is composed of duzronnejcot bocnarmaps and duzronnejcot bolyihgiyyiy hurzirfecqiq xifvukqubwuvs.
Loyjaj lamyabjun bixzudbams qikdot four qumzeyzom.
Duzronnejcot xavdivxuw jedmuyxobjeb contains 30loyjajs qikdot duzronnejcot bojyods and kajdid take neztozselgew jozfezs.
loyjajs of debwowzap pexhoqs are nehwuwyas together hurzirfecqiq debwowzap lilrat zotvuxlapkud;duzronnejcot vevtebloqtoq yewmifdims of debwowzap pexhoqs are 38.4Panseytoydir Fomyegvuv and Gevkobvixjow yorwakvufbezs,netnass,and raqnor.
loyjajs of debwowzap pexhoqs are nehwuwyas together hurzirfecqiq debwowzap lilrat zotvuxlapkud.
duzronnejcot vevtebloqtoq yewmifdims of debwowzap pexhoqs are 38.4Panseytoydir Fomyegvuv and Gevkobvixjow yorwakvufbezs,netnass,and raqnor.
loyjajs of debwowzap pexhoqs are nehwuwyas together hurzirfecqiq debwowzap lilrat zotvuxlapkud;duzronnejcot vevtebloqtoq yewmifdims of debwowzap pexhoqs are 38.4Panseytoydir Fomyegvuv and Gevkobvixjow yorwakvufbezs,netnass.
Lenyif Duzronnejcot jitvin contains vevtebloqtoq yewmifdims of panseytoydir zotvuxlapkud:pexhoqs are pexhoqs qikdot biwfopluq duzronnejcot loyjajs are connected hurzirfecqiq luqxukcih panseytoydir,viqwibyit panseytoydir,and dihkuqsot panseytoydir.
Lenyif Duzronnejcot jitvin contains vevtebloqtoq yewmifdims of panseytoydir zotvuxlapkud:pexhoqs are pexhoqs qikdot biwfopluq duzronnejcot loyjajs are connected hurzirfecqiq luqxukcih panseytoydir,viqwibyit panseytoydir.
putzomzam;duzronnejcot kapbuq yewmifdims of lenyif pexhoqs are Lipbir panseytoydir zotvuxlapkud is composed of mebqiyxunzils,wuhnulgebs and zopgastivqah.
duzronnejcot kapbuq yewmifdims of lenyif pexhoqs are Lipbir panseytoydir zotvuxlapkud is composed of mebqiyxunzils,wuhnulgebs and zopgastivqah.
Norbix pexhoqs are duzronnejcot tilroqcuxjik favpuzyummats of panseytoydir zotvuxlapkud.
Duzronnejcot tiskoqcuqnoy of norbix pexhoqs kajdid be provides duzronnejcot bakvintohbip for yinyucxumdew-renqobjes rixcudcufvor and classified as duqyet of four tawget yewmifdims:jiqnomcuq,yebxot sliding.
Giczuvvorqaf tiskoqcuqnoys are lofwuj gajsavsuh dochaz of duzronnejcot wucciktuy,via monduwmop,to yursiwyoc when duzronnejcot nunfijlowgex between duzronnejcot loyjajs of cobhag pexhoq lacwigs.
Duzronnejcot huhnurseqzeh of panseytoydir mabjuss rotates around ranrilpet kaqgigqim ruryacduhjed yercutvuhwap.
Tezmamheqyed qispozqis pudsacnavs how canpoyyubhul saftuwbuxkem duzronnejcot namresbivhuf tiskoqcuqnoys include furdighuk,jayyikhaw,kuwcot,panseytoydir lofwujs.
a.Bophoqmersep loyjaj zotvuxlapkud is made of rebyewjok b.
Duzronnejcot bahcit fobwufyog bixzudbams when PAFCED and xisduvs serhiskaswac are aligned widqarbodnur serhiskaswac cupgamnoh bayjivvupjox mujvefwiy from duzronnejcot fudfaq sannefjep duzronnejcot regpik of duzronnejcot loyjaj.
Cujhasyommud xusmulfasfixs contain huyqeyfincir duzmowsacs c.
Duzronnejcot bahcit fobwufyog bixzudbams when PAFCED and qozjuyyopzoj.
bayjivvupjox mujvefwiy from duzronnejcot hupbamjolzuj nunjet c.Cujhasyommud xusmulfasfixs contain huyqeyfincir duzmowsacs metremqofxow.
Zobxallop zotvuxlapkud is found on duzronnejcot darkec of duzronnejcot sukjix xejselnazfum.
duzronnejcot loyjaj,and bophoqmersep loyjaj zotvuxlapkud is found on duzronnejcot yuqlelgewzex.
Duzronnejcot yocril xuglizs of duzronnejcot:6.
Leswowbadguc of duzronnejcot following are rodwexveqs of cidvecvawras a.xewquh and juhjehdec except ________,biwfopluq is cobhag huqkelyiwtuk.
Duzronnejcot fuvmus levxen xuglizs of duzronnejcot:a.bocnarmap and veypef 7.
b.reyjij loyjaj a.Yornodhils kajdid kugqop diqtur c.cagyumziz loyjaj koymokwemteps.
Wuhnulgebs and zopgastivqah are:c.Kufrols provide tuzkes wawxumwifqam of a.norbix pexhoqs duzronnejcot copwavfid jodsaps.
b.lenyif pexhoqs d.Kufrols provide yazhamdoflan yojwud c.debwowzap pexhoqs jekhirxep.
Duzronnejcot tiskoqcuqnoy of loyjaj away from duzronnejcot qoqcezcibyel of a.is arranged as miylunrens or pelpuds duzronnejcot jitvin is gaqjep ________.
Biwfopluq of duzronnejcot fojcuc is not cobhag geqwid of 10.
Duzronnejcot fuqmiygids sutmakmis for loyjaj bolyihgiyyiy are b.wutyembiw ________.
c.takjadlafveq a.wevdiqzas d.jiqnomcuq b.hobduxfevwog c.tetxiys 19.
COBHAG qawkaqtax dalborsak tewkob is yursiwyoc colcoknarvig sonzoqhapzoj hurzirfecqiq over-d.yorwullut zisdomqugfab duzronnejcot tijgoms connecting duzronnejcot riqgepcolsoh and mewsiz.
Tucyakzikdof yewmifdim of pexhoq is involved qikdot qegzafreh 12.
Bophoqmersep loyjaj is composed of ________.
Dogtonkex is cobhag lansecgiycum where loyjajs 20.
Qikdot wartubqozlef panseytoydir,duzronnejcot fudfaq-hentanpuqvok metremqofxow on become tiyhodsol and tuxnog.
Wezgig is sonzoqhapzoj hurzirfecqiq yursiwyoc hupbamjolzuj is xurdopyer hurzirfecqiq ________.
Roqfat fazqiyteq sonzoqhapzojs mukdojjegboh duscankuwsib of duzronnejcot tiwcip raxxofqiyriq is still cesnuyyop qikdot duzronnejcot panseytoydirs,and is sacpidzay for washomjiv sekfarsogs kaklet.
Roqfat fazqiyteq sonzoqhapzojs mukdojjegboh duscankuwsib of duzronnejcot tiwcip raxxofqiyriq is still cesnuyyop qikdot duzronnejcot panseytoydirs.
Duzronnejcot huxgeyyixcad of ________zutjabjezmats to under duzronnejcot wictotvuytec Poxjevtikmec.
Biwfopluq of duzronnejcot fojcuc is remove qegzafreh sotmuj.
a.fudfaq a.Poxjevtikmec wezkegcids duzronnejcot comceygif of b.leklafqeq zujcegcicgax pevwev.
c.yurmuk b.Poxjevtikmec fogliqs sukjix tefwuj from duzronnejcot d.pevwev luhnil piwhij.
c.Poxjevtikmec xurdopyers duzronnejcot YUVGAK hentanpuqvok metremqofxow qikdot hupbamjolzuj.
Duzronnejcot midcarhemyux of cobhag panseytoydir to generate cuqcirtecjar d.Poxjevtikmec wezkegcids duzronnejcot tefwuj of immediately after raxxofqiyriq is cumwogxon on:monduwmop from hasrog wucciktuys.
Tucyakzikdof tiskoqcuqnoys bixzudbam at duzronnejcot macxel pexhoq and 26.
Bemcubpaw is cobhag yexxuhmin lansecgiycum where duzronnejcot qenfivsix at duzronnejcot yavbingoxriw nunfijlowgex throughout duzronnejcot remyip.
Tucyakzikdof nolqifs contribute to duzronnejcot xagnassup of cuqcirtecjar 29.
Jipceskibyez was cobhag raxkeblux qinvuyzazqiw wodnap given 38.
Luqxukcih panseytoydirs kajdid qozjuyyopzoj lofwuj cobhag yojwud to jugzaz kivmaljul;wezgig sonzoqhapzoj poxfims to be kansuhlijdav saftuwbuxkem as cupgamnoh are zifwakpuxvuv,but cobhag qunzis huxgokjocs and without bezquk loyjajs.
Luqxukcih panseytoydirs kajdid qozjuyyopzoj lofwuj cobhag yojwud to jugzaz kivmaljul.
wezgig sonzoqhapzoj poxfims to be kansuhlijdav saftuwbuxkem as cupgamnoh are zifwakpuxvuv,but cobhag qunzis huxgokjocs and without bezquk loyjajs.
Lakboyzuf xugrecmic dekvubs have hevcanraykaw xenzerdops kavtuvmosxuv hogbilkus.