#   

  
  
  

# **The Way of Life’s Intercepting Fist**

# *My Progression Through Jeet Kune Do that Reduced the Severity of my Autism and PTSD Symptoms*

  
  

## Author: Jennifer (Cricket) Pearl 

## Copyright 2025

## 1st Edition 

  
  

## 

## ***Dear the Reader***

  

This manuscript is my personal account of my mindset and struggles throughout my journey of gaining an in-depth understanding of the philosophical side of Bruce Lee’s Jeet Kune Do as it applies to my own mind and body by spending over 2 years living and breathing it as a way of life, 24 hours a day and 7 days a week. I present to you my Jeet Sang-Wuht Kune Do or The Way of the Daily Life Intercepting Fist in the hopes it helps you in some way regardless of your path my friend and fellow human. May you find your own Jeet Kune Do at your own speed and in your own way.

# ***How and why this manuscript was written and the intent behind it***

  

Due to a childhood trauma I am unable to journal in the traditional sense. This is because as a child I was encouraged to journal and express my thoughts, and the very first entry I did was a major reason I was sent to boarding school. When the entry was found by my mother, I was severely punished and questioned, I don't even remember what it said at this point. As such I have found the only way to write out my thoughts on a topic is to write a book on it. This is a journal that is sanitized and ok for the world to read but honest and sincere. 

  

I return to this document often as it helps center me at times and returns my mind to the further contemplation of difficult concepts I am trying to grok to their fullness. This document was written to try and help me fix the giant mess inside myself and if it challenges you, or facilitates your contemplation of anything in any way then it was written for that too. 

  

I want to fully recognize the origins of the seeds that sprouted thoughts on this matter and dedicate this manuscript to Bruce Lee and his Family. Without them I would still be a broken mess. Siju Lee and his daughter Shannon Lee, whom I think of more as Sifu Lee. Her book “Be Water My Friend” was a lifeboat in a sea of chaos and it was through her understanding and teaching of her fathers philosophy that I was able to get to where I am today. 

  

Nearly all of the concepts I write about I learned about and finally understood after almost 2 years of constant reading of her book on audio over and over day after day until I fully understood it in my way. I call her Sifu because that is what she is to me after all of that.  If it was not for their family's carefully crafted lens for understanding the human body and mind which is the vital tool that allows me to perceive and understand, I would not be here today and I would be a broken mess still in an uncertain and scary future that I think I just barely prevented.

  

This document is in no way meant to replace or reset JKD. This is what I feel the natural progression of a person who has dedicated their life to JKD must do in order to finally move to the 4th stage of cultivation which is Jeet Kune Do. For Bruce Lee he reached Jeet Kune Do when he took all the teachings he had learned and applied them to his life in his unique way to solve the problems in his life at that time. The first 3 stages are meant to prepare one to do the hard work of reaching the 4th stage. I feel like the work to reach and understand the 4th stage is at times greater than the sum of the first three, but once you get there not much is needed to maintain it other than being in a state of constant growth. 

  

With the level of dedication that I have to his philosophy due to how it saved and changed my life, and thus have spent countless hours contemplating the concepts including what I have learned about Taoism through my own research, I have come to the personal conclusion that no one can reach true Jeet Kune Do as that was Bruce Lee’s expression of his own unique mind and body. 

  

For me,  I am clearly not a martial arts combat expert but instead am very embryonic in my Jun Fan Gung Fu. Despite this current state, I do wish to be very knowledgeable some day and to become as confident as possible in the thought that I might be able to protect my loved ones as well as those who can't defend themselves. I am however, a deeply resilient yet deeply wounded human who is well aware that I must move myself forward or risk a massive loss which could lead to a significant loss of health and/or mobility if not cared for. 

  

The only person who can save you from the opponent you are confronted with is yourself. In my opinion, even if you gain strength from a deity or a source, you still have to carry out some action that uses that power in order for that power to have an effect on the universe.

  

To engage in combat with an opponent is to then personally use your mind and body in that moment to artfully respond to the threat. My immediate threat, or opponent, that I need to defeat is my mind and the broken mess that was left after the severe abuse I received in my childhood, as well as the stressors of my daily life making my autism and ADHD symptoms unlivable and destructive to both my personal and professional life.

  

Because of this I have done a massive amount of mental lifting to piece together what I understand to be the concepts behind JKD utilizing the 30 years of dedication to understanding my mind and how to control it, including my 25+ years practicing bushido as a starting point. These limitations and my deeply analytical, observant, curious, and imaginative mind has led me to the point I made my own flavor or path in order that I had something to come back to that could help center when needed. 

  

This is only my small winding curve path that follows and tracks the same main path that anyone and everyone else takes while striving to achieve Jeet Kune Do. The thing is though, that a person can only travel down their own path and are physically unable to follow someone else's unique path to completion safely with their unique self intact for reasons that are akin to the laws of physics. 

  

They can observe the path from a distance and use that to help them navigate their own path, but the guideposts and markers they may encounter are in a language that is foreign to others and need to translate it into their own mind's unique way of thinking. You are able to observe my path here just as you were able to observe Bruce Lee’s and Shannon Lee’s paths in  Shannon Lee’s book “Be Water My Friend” and the Tao of Jeet Kune Do, along with the few videos and movies that Bruce Lee made in which he left us numerous nuggets of his philosophy and mindset. 

  

I write this document that I call Jeet Sang-Wuht Kune Do or The Way of the Daily Life Intercepting Fist as an acknowledgment of Bruce Lee’s origins by only changing or adding to the part that is doing the intercepting in much the same way he deeply believed that you must fit the system to the student and not shove the student into the system, and that is a core concept of Jeet Kune Do.

  

He also saw the name as variable I feel based on what I have read and seen him say in the show Longstreet that he appeared in and wrote all of his own lines for before he died, and of course the entire episode is a masters course in Jeet Kune Do that really allowed me to make some serious leaps in my understanding. Along with all this, we then have the commandment in the foundations of JKD to add that which makes it exclusively your own.

  

In fact I would encourage everyone to create, experiment with, and name your own version of Jeet Kune Do in your life in your way. I like to imagine there might be a “Way of the Golfballs Intercepting Fist” made by someone who was a golfer and wanted to apply it to the game to help focus or make a club choice. 

  
  
  

**“You know what I want to think of myself? As a human being. Because, … under the sky, under the heavens there is but one family. It just so happens that people are different.” - Bruce Lee**

  

## 

  
  
  
  
  

## ***For My Good Friend William Futrelle*** 

**Not everyone who went into the troubled teen industry made it out alive.** 

**I will always cherish your intoxicating happiness.** 

**May you rest in power, for your brave sacrifice saved us all, and has helped give me the courage to take a stand.** 

  

# 

  
  
  

# **Chapter 1**

# **The reasons I started down this path and how my life was being torn apart by outbursts in society being driven by the traumas of my youth, but Jeet Kune Do allowed me to overcome their control.**

## 

## ***Part 1***

## ***A real quick introduction about the version of me that had to die in order for the version I wanted to be to arise, and how I stumbled onto the book “Be Water My Friend” that taught me Bruce Lee’s Philosophies.***

  

I was a very angry person who’s every interaction with society was poisoned by my inability to properly regulate my emotions as I did not understand when, where, and how to use them. Thus the majority of people would only see my anger and not hear my words. The lawyers for the conservator of my Uncle once submitted a court filing that said I made a legal and criminal threat because I said I “would see them in person to talk if the situation was not resolved properly”.

 

I simply wanted to speak with them face to face and have a discussion about the issue, but because my voicemail was poisoned by the anger in my voice the only thing that was heard was my tone and thus I was seen as a danger and crackpot at best. 

  

I was desperate to find a solution to my problems as I was finding left and right that my involvement in nearly any situation was being made worse just by my presence as my anger vibes were infecting everything. I had to withdraw myself from society while working on my soul and searching it to understand what I was doing wrong. I knew that something was wrong with me and not the world as this was happening everywhere I went. 

  

It culminated in that experience of the conservator for my Uncle filing court documents attesting to my criminalistic legal threats that were only a threat if you listen to my tone and not the words, and then later issues with how I was interacting with team members at my job. At the time, my cousin was forced to sit in loneliness and confusion while her father died as I could not be around without risking more than was on the line at that time. 

I had removed myself from the equation and it was the hardest thing to do. It may or may not have been the right thing to do but there is really no way of knowing for sure at this point. That version of me died when I entered the void for the first time.

  

The person who was cultivated within the womb of the living void and emerges more and more honest in the expression of their soul each time it emerges is who I have become today. My ability to cross into the void was made possible through my practice of Bruce Lee’s Jeet Kune Do. The void as I know and understand it has come from study of the concepts behind the 3rd stage of cultivation for Jeet Kune Do, as created by Bruce Lee, and is represented by nothing more than a black square to represent what he called the living void. 

  

It is from this state that choices and decisions are made. I care not about the past, I worry not about the future, and I am focused on the totality of the present moment. I respond but do not react to the world, while understanding that the world is a reaction to my presence. I am the moonlight in the stream and the way I understand this is recorded in one of my tattoos of my affirmations that depicts in pictograph form “my Jeet Kune Do is a reflection of me, and my Jeet Kune Do is a reflection of the world”. 

  

I have spent the last 2 years living and breathing it as a way of life, 24 hours a day and 7 days a week in order to gain this insight not because I thought it would be neat, but because my life depended on it. 

  

If there is even a small chance that one may end up in combat with an opponent, then they must be prepared. If you try to shift from one mindset to another on the fly and on-demand then there will be issues, delays, and struggles. If your opponent could strike at any moment then being prepared after the attack and not before is not helpful in staying alive.

  

One must be prepared and alert at all times, but not to the point of fear of the world. One must be prepared and alert in a way that they are aware of the world and what it contains to the point nothing is feared. There is no fear because you know you can always respond to and flow with the situation. Eventually, I was able to stop fearing failure or defeat. 

  

This is because I see failure as a tool or path that leads me to an education and understanding about myself, as well as the world around me. This is one reason I think that Musashi says in the Book of Five Rings one must live life with the mindset one would use in battle and one must go into battle with an everyday mindset. 

  

An interesting thing happens in my experience when you are in the void for any amount of time and that is that it starts to feel like bliss. It can also be argued that to reside in the void consistently is to have found enlightenment and nirvana on earth in your lifetime if you do the work. I can attest that I feel that is very true. 

  

I do not experience this period of clarity and peace that one might call something like nirvana persistently. Maybe it's because it would diminish its joy and ruin it since we are humans and we can not maintain something like that for too long in a healthy way I feel, or maybe it's because I also still have hard times and it can be difficult to fully realize the void at times remembering that the void is always in us. The work I have done so far has significantly reduced the strain of my issues on my daily life as I am able to realize the void more and more.

 

The longer I practice the more natural and simple it becomes, and this all has been brought about and enabled by the void. I began noticing the results very gradually at first with difficult encounters and how I responded, often being the only way I knew if I had progressed, but don't forget that you can't know if your gung fu would work in combat without eventually being in combat with an opponent.

  

Bruce Lee called purely theoretical combat without any real interaction but just points earned for light touches or theoretical damage from a non-touch hit “dry land swimming”. Without adversity and personal combat with an opponent how can you truly know yourself and who you are. This state of Nirvana I was referring to previously, is not some perpetual state of bliss, but it instead is a state where all things tend to bring you joy or there are neutral thoughts about experience to the point you can see the beauty in and/or have compassion for so much without the clutter of a quarrelsome mind. 

For me I don’t really mind when someone drives past me at 20 past the speed limit to get in front of me to slow down slower than I was going when I am in this state. My road rage is near non-existent now compared to how bad it was before. The moments when I am residing in the void and fully engaging in the world in an honest way I feel a sense of joy regardless of the situation that I can not explain in any other way than true bliss and confidence in my soul.

## 

## ***Part 2***

## ***How I stumbled onto the book “Be Water My Friend” that taught me Bruce Lee’s philosophies on martial arts called Jeet Kune Do***

  

Around a year and a half ago, I was told by my boss's boss at Amazon Kuiper to “lower the temperature in my tickets”. At this point I had been listening to music on the long car and bus rides for years but never listened to books on tape. This all changed after an appointment with my optometrist office challenged me. 

  

The optical technician and I were chatting and she asked me what books I listened to on the long 2 hour drives and bus rides I had nearly daily each way at that point in my life. I answered I just listened to industrial music and she kinda was taken back in a way that indicated that she thought I was seriously wasting a good opportunity.

  

That encounter stayed with me and now that I was sitting there trying to figure out what to do to save my life and career I thought it might be a good time to try that book thing we talked about. Hail mary pass and nothing could hurt at this point. It was almost a twist of fate that I found the book “Be Water my Friend” out of all the other books considering it was suggested to me based on my previous reading. I did not even do a search.. It was just there in my suggestions one morning while I was struggling with things.

  

My audible library up to that point was essentially just Buddhism meditation books and guides on how to practice bushido better, as I have practiced bushido since deployment in the Navy when we invaded Iraq due to lies about Saddam having biological weapons. The reason I practiced Bushido was not because of the war, not originally maybe perhaps, but instead was due to my childhood being very rough on me. 

I stumbled on a book about Bushido while still in school for the Navy to learn my job before my deployment to the Persian Gulf for the war. The book spoke very strongly to me as at that time I was still struggling heavily with the abuse I grew up with and was powerless to stop. I had made a commitment earlier in life to protect others from the things I had experienced on a daily basis in childhood. These abusive traumas ranged from real-life physical torture by people who had studied its application for fun while in the troubled teen industry, to things like sexual assault by my family and by a fellow sailor in the Navy when I was sleeping. I am still not quite ready to write about that rape, even after nearly 20 years passing by. I just don't like to talk about it. 

  

At the end of this manuscript are poems that I wrote that give a glimpse of the worst of the events that occurred over the first 15 years of my life at home and at the boarding school called Mountain Park Baptist Boarding Academy where my good friend Will was murdered by fellow students. At the end of the poems, there is a jump to a singular poem which is set during a time just after I finished boot camp for the Navy and was at my first command. It was at this point that my life finally started being lived for myself as I began my lifelong journey of self-exploration. You can also read a bit in the “About the Author” section. I did not want my traumas and personal conflicts to distract from the goal of this manuscript which is to learn how to deal with this mess. 

  

To do this, I do need to acknowledge what occurred with full internal honesty despite the pain it causes me to feel, but I cannot let myself linger there. Also, if others are to understand my need for this interpretation of Jeet Kune Do in my life, then they would need to know these things in addition to my thoughts on the philosophy as they are a way to observe some of the events that shaped who I have become today. However, I felt that the nature of how I write about these traumas was a limitation that I needed to honor. 

This limitation was that there is the degree to which that the contents would interrupt the flow of the manuscript in such a way that it would shift a focus from intercepting the present moment, into a reflection of the past. Despite a large amount of reflection of the past in this manuscript that helps with the flow, it is about a dissection of incidents where my PTSD and autism controlled me resulting in a loss of self-control or regulation.

 

These experiences are written in a way that is more of an itemization of traumas that serves more as an acknowledgement that they occurred almost like a registering of the event with the universe, but then walking away and letting it sit there and never returning if able. The way that I have found to address this limitation is to create an “About the Author” section at the end of the manuscript but before the poems. This section is where you can learn about me professionally and a few things about my family life not found in the poems. 

I want to show you me and not tell you about me the first time we meet. 

  

I once heard a wise man say, "Don't tell others how a good man must be, just be”. I feel like that carries over to the concept that I can't tell you who I am inside, I can only show you my actions and how I have responded, or reacted, to the consequences. This includes what I have learned from those actions and if I have internalized the lessons from my actions and the resulting reactions in the world. 

  

The poems I put at the end as an Appendix since they are a complete work I did about 3 years ago, so 1 year before I found Jeet Kune Do, and just around when I shifted over to the Main Battery Pack Manufacturing team at Amazon Leo as a senior manufacturing software engineer. I have recorded myself reading these poems and they are available on my soundcloud at time of writing, but I have never presented them to the world in text form to read in such a vulnerable and intimate setting as this. 

  

The poems were written during a very hard time in my life and I was unable to stop the thoughts about these events from ruminating in my head. The only way to address my pain was to embrace it and let it truly pass through me. I would later figure out in my Jeet Kune Do training that it is ok to have emotions and to feel the mental pain or anguish, but the key is to not live within the emotions. But how does one do this? How do you just stop thinking about bad shit that has happened. 

  

For me the trick is not to push it away as you can not stop a river with your hands. You must ride the river and navigate it in order to finally know it so intimately that you are then able to safely traverse it to the other side. The hardest path is against the flow of this turbulent raging river , while conversely the easiest way to enact change is to go along with the flow of this force instead. This then allows you to work more efficiently by being within the system that is in place as much as possible and reasonably, while maintaining your ethics and self identity. I have learned and experienced that I am more likely to win a fight when I don't fight it.

  

These poems were not an easy process though and it dredged up many raw painful emotions around my traumas and should not be tried lightly perhaps. Riding the river can be harder than letting it take you away, but if you can find the right seaworthy vessel for you and ride this river that's larger than the Mississippi to the other side, then this river of life won’t take you over some waterfall into your near certain demise and potential destruction.

  

I will also say that Jeet Kune Do calls for constant forward movement and growth along with an explicit honesty to oneself about what has happened in their life. I was at my rock bottom and had nowhere else to go or any lower to go if I'm going to be honest. This meant in my mind that I did not really have a choice at the moment if I wanted to survive into the future. I have also learned that Jeet Kune Do argues that one should follow what I have come to understand to be  the Taoist principle of letting the emotions flow through you and then letting them pass through you safely to the other side. 

  

For me it was the visceral emotions that poured from my body as I wrote the poems. For many of the poems this was the first time I had actually addressed these situations in nearly 20 years without putting myself into a weekend drinking binge. As I wrote the poems I addressed and made peace with many of the topics and feel a calmness now around much of them.

  

These topics no longer have control over me and I no longer fear these memories. Instead, I embrace them in the way I would embrace myself as a child in need of someone who cares and loves to hold them close and show them it is safe now. My parents also never once sat down with me after I got home and asked me what went on there, so I never really had an opportunity to heal as a child. These poems are maybe, in a way, some form of a conversation with my dead mother that I wish I had a chance to have with her before her death, to be honest.

 

Do not feel compelled to read them as they can be quite troubling for some, but they are my life as I experienced it. One poem talks about how I was ordered to beat up a kid by another kid who was put in absolute control of me. To this day that haunts me and I try every day to distance myself as much as possible from who that was. If you do choose to read them, then I hope they provide you with some insight into my life and why or how I got to where I am today. I also hope that if you experienced anything similar to what I went through, that you know you are not alone and are loved by me.

## ***Part 3***

## ***A martial arts philosophy gave me the tools to radically reprogram my brain to respond to stressful stimulus skillfully***

  

The skills required to become a truly skilled martial artists who is capable in a real world situation is one who learns how to forget the past and die to it every second, is not concerned with the paths of the future, and is when in combat concerned with each instantaneous moment in time as if it was a lifetime given to observation. This skilled martial artist then responds to that which is observed in a skillful way and intercepts the symptoms of the opponent. 

  

The concepts I just presented are by coincidence (maybe not) among the foundations of Taoist principles. Some would argue that Taosism is almost like distilled Buddhism. Thus the deeper one gets into mastery of the martial arts, regardless of the form or style, gains mastery over themselves and in turn becomes a better person overall in their daily life if sincerely and fully embraced as a way of life. Musashi says that one must live life with the mindset of a warrior and go into battle with the mindset of daily life.

  

There is an interesting concept that I am starting to learn in my physical martial arts training in JKD concepts within Jun Fan Gung Fu that is about how every  strike is meant to be direct in that it is without theatrics and with forward movement of the body as if it were a bulldozer running over the opponent. There are no defensive moves, in that all moves that deal with interception of a punch or kick employ an attack as part of the defensive response. Thus there are no purely defensive moves.

  

I personally feel that when I deal with the difficult topics I cover in this book, the more I just attack the issue head on as if I were a bulldozer and just keep intense forward momentum while I intercept the symptoms of my opponent, the more likely I am to succeed at my intention. 

I am also more likely to defeat it or reach a peace about it if I am unable to win. When I spoke with my Guro about this concept he did remind me that there are times when we need to take a step back between strikes. 

  

Maybe the goal is to bridge the gap with the opponent as quickly as possible with explosive speed, intercept the strike or stop the start as musashi says, and then get back out to a safe distance if no more strikes exist in that moment. You don't reset just to reset, you reset when you no longer have chain attacks that you can execute. The longer you stay too close to the opponent the more chances they will have to get a strike through, but remember not to fear death or losing the battle or else you will hold back and when that happens you have already lost the entire war.

## 

## ***Part 4***

## ***The Living Void and how I was propelled into it while in the ER after my car accident that resulted in a mild concussion***

  

Adversity leads to growth and greatness. It was only after I had begun to dedicate my life to embody the concepts of JKD and began an earnest push to not only understand the concepts, but to also live them, that I was able to enter the void or maybe just become aware of its existence within myself since it can only be found when the mind reduces its quarrelsomeness. 

  

This introduction or unearthing of the void was actually facilitated by another extremely traumatic event that was separate from the events that led me to JKD. This new event completely shifted my life around in just a split second when a car accident left me with a diagnosed mild-concussion that has and continues to necessitate my need to attend physical and neuro rehab. 

  

The event was this: I was driving to work one morning and I missed the turn I usually take to get to the office once I get pretty close and get off the highway during the last mile of my commute. I ended up down a road I had never driven and did not know that the bus in front of me was blocking the view of the driveway of a school parking lot and someone in a large SUV was about to blow out of the school driveway and not check to make sure someone was not immediately around the corner. Well… there was someone immediately around the corner who had no idea what was about to happen.

  

The person around that corner who was in danger without knowing it was me. As I passed the bus, which was parked at the bus stop, I saw the SUV in my face and I could have told you how many bugs were on the grill and what kind they were if time had frozen at that moment. My quick reflexes kicked in and I made a hard left which now brought me head on into oncoming traffic which I was now dodging like I was in a slalom.

  

At that moment I thought it was a near miss and then I felt the SUV hit my rear end since they were going so fast and apparently in a turn that they were unable to not hit my car after my evasion. Luckily they only hit the rear passenger side of my car, but the unlucky thing was what I would later find out from the ER an hour or so later. 

  

This news was that my severe rheumatoid arthritis in my lower back which I had been diagnosed with earlier in the year had actually progressed to the point that I had significant deterioration and narrowing of my spine around my neck. While I was sitting in my room at the ER later, the doctors informed me that this can cause weird things to happen in even the most minor of car accidents. This is because there can be and is a lack of structural stability within my neck which means I can get whiplash very easily. The weird things were already being exhibited and experienced by me from the moment of the accident. 

  

I was immediately disoriented and I remember just circling my car over and over again while on the phone with police and my pupils were super small and I felt fidgety to the point the cop stared me down for a moment. After the accident was processed by the police and the person who hit me received a ticket for dangerous driving, I completed my commute to work by driving my car to the office which was actually just around the corner. 

  

Within an hour of me getting to the office I began to feel very off and hungry. I prepared a salad and as I ate it, my hand began to experience spikes and jolts of pain traveling up into my fingertips, and the pain just shot through my entire hand as well. As I ate and talked to people at work about what happened, I got more and more out of it in a way that did not feel right to me and I was encouraged by my colleagues to go to the ER immediately which I promptly did.

  

When I got to the ER (about 20-30 minutes after leaving the site of the accident), they made me verify the information on my hospital bracelet two times as I did not really get what I had to do. The name sounded right and whatnot I guess, it was really weird in that I knew what the writing said but I could not process it outside of my internal thoughts and even just a limited span of those thoughts knew what it meant. 

It eventually made enough sense that I could recognize and confirm that was my name and birthday… anything else was nonsensical for me at the moment. I had to get a CT scan that night and they kept me for observation for so many hours I lost awareness of the time.

  

This is where I realized I was in the void for the first time and maybe I am always in the void to some extent as the void is also within us, but I can't always utilize my tools 100% effectively when I am in a vulnerable state. The effectiveness is improving over time and practice though so don't get me wrong and think that staying and residing in the void is non-permanent or ineffectual. Just 1% use of the void is 100% better than what life is like when not utilizing it.

  

So here I was sitting in the ER waiting for the results of the doctor's evaluation and in the past I would have been freaking out but instead I looked around and said to myself “I am the experience and not the experiencer” and finally understood fully what that meant in that moment. 

  

I then resolved to see where this goes since I am the experience and not the experiencer I just need to live life, instead of observing and experiencing it from the side, my lived life is the experience and I am my lived life, no one else walked my shoes or thought my thoughts, life and experience is what it is.

  

The things I went through and the feelings I felt were not some abstract stimulus that needs to be evaluated to determine its worth, they were me and I am my experiences and the mind that processed those experiences is the origin of my thoughts. 

  

My contemplation on martial arts does not originate in my hand or my foot just as a punch does not originate in the hand but in the brain where the thought to punch comes from. When I meditate it is not my arm or spleen that is in deep contemplation but my mind and soul alone, and a contemplation is not a deep thought but a deep feeling. 

  

I have come to realize through my years of the study of Buddhism prior to starting my JKD journey that the flesh and muscle of my body below my brain is essentially just a meat puppet or empty robotic shell for my mind to manipulate. This realization has shown me through much study of my mind, that when I meditate I do so I exist on a different plane with a beautiful view I cannot describe in front of me as I walk through the tall grass upon my entrance, and I exist in this place within my mind wherever I go. I walk around this place while no movement escapes my body.

  

Something else that was new to me began happening while in the hospital that was about to bring my understanding to a new level, as I sat there and looked around and waited. I began to feel nervous and worried I might freak out. In that same moment my mind just automatically started to act in the moment and I was taking in the situation and just knew in the moment what my limitations were and what my options to respond to the situation was. I then began to act skillfully and responded to the fact I was sitting in the hospital after a car accident. 

  

I was not angry about the car accident as it had already happened and was now in the past. I was now worried about the immediate need to seek medical care and did not care how long I might have to wait in the hospital as the future does not matter. The only thing important immediately is the here and now and I needed to ensure I healed properly, so I was not bothered to be in the hospital for hours with no answers.

  

I was not ignoring what might happen in the future. I was acting skillfully in the present in a way that was in alignment with my ethics and whatever comes out of that I am ok with, this means that regardless of what happens in the future, as long as I act in accordance with my ethics and stay true to who I am as a person, then any future that results is one I do not fear even if it leads to my defeat.

  

This is because as long as I do my part and act the way that is in alignment with my values and soul then my personal path in life is one I am ok with and will result in the best outcomes that could happen. I can not predict or stop the world from existing or having suffering in it, but I can reduce the amount of suffering in it and that starts with me first. 

If I can't reduce my own suffering, then how can I be a beacon for others to ease their own suffering. How can I reach out my hand and provide a safe harbour to a fellow human, when the foundation of my soul is so volatile and near its flash point. 

  

I would simply be moving them from the pan into the fryer. I'm not saying I can't always help others and lend a hand, but I don't feel like I can run out into the world and try to solve its problems until I solve my own. At the same time, however,  ensuring that if I see someone being dragged away by the river of life and I am in a position to help, I act immediately and scoop them up out of the river as best I can without fear of what might happen to me. The key here though is to help the other person and the world as much as I am able to, not give my entire soul to the world. I have to respect my own body's limitations, as well as the limitations of the universe around me.

  

It was at that moment in the ER that I finally understood what it meant to reside in the living void and to have your soul act skillfully for you instantly in a way that is truthful to who you are without the need to analyze and process the moment over some amount of time. It was at that moment that I had finally reached the 3rd stage of cultivation, the living void which is the place from which all decisions and actions begin. 

  

Bruce Lee called this state “choiceless awareness”, as it is a state where you just are aware of all things, but you have no judgments or opinions of things. When a situation occurs you respond without judgment and in a skillful way returning to the original state of full awareness immediately after, no choices made or needed.

## 

## ***The Chapter 1 Challenges***

**Deep Internal Contemplations:**

1.  What led you to this book?
2.  Why are you reading this book now that you found it?
3.  Do you have situations that keep occurring around you that you don't mean or want to have happen?
      
    1.  Do you want any of these situations to stop?
    2.  Are some of them harmful to you or others?
          
        1.  Contemplate about what makes them harmful.
    3.  Are some of them beneficial to you or others?
          
        1.  Contemplate about what makes them beneficial
    4.  Write out or create some creative outlet that you can look back on which will help you recall the things you realized when contemplating the harmful and the beneficial as well as names, or describe if there is no name, what these things are. 
4.  Do you have traumas that are dragging you away while you try to move forward?
      
    1.  Is there some flow or river of something that you are moving against?
    2.  If there is, can you think of some way that might help you ride this river instead of letting it sweep you away in the future?
    3.  If you can find a way to ride the river, think of ways that might help you ride the river safely to the other side.
    4.  If you can't find a way to ride the river to the other side right now, can you find a way to stay afloat until you figure out how to get to the other side?
    5.  What is your definition of the other side? 
    6.  What does staying afloat look like?

  

**Empowering Internal Cultivation:**

1.  Work on some project that can act as a safe vehicle or conduit for your emotions about a trauma to surge to the surface and allow you to look at them straight in the face to confront them and know them. 
      
    1.  Journal about your experience in your own way.

  

*Cautionary Note to Reader:*

*My project was writing visceral poems about my experiences and I had tears streaming down my face while doing it. Screaming out in pain to those who were lost in time, but then leaving them in the pages of my words. For me, to confront my pain means I need to know it and howl at the moon if I need to, but then knowing I must walk away leaving them where they are safe and I can return when needed, but no longer must carry them around on my sleeve.* 

  

*What I am saying is be careful and kind to yourself when doing this, remembering the goal is to not dredge it up so you can carry it around closer to your soul, but to make peace with them and learn to coexist with them and no longer allow them to control you, or for you to feel like you must defend yourself from them.*

  

**Chapter 1 Scratch Pad**

  
  
  
  
  

# 

  
  
  

# **Chapter 2**

# **It was actually a very holistic happy accident**

## 

## ***Part 1***

##  ***How I started practicing Jeet Kune Do.*** 

  

I started practicing Jeet Kune Do due to what a friend of mine calls a very holistic experience. It was a progression or in the words of Taoism, it was a cultivation. This cultivation was very slow and nearly accidental. I was in search of a way to fix my mind and body, but I also did not know that the path I just started travelling down would lead me to become a practitioner of Jeet Kune Do and then further dedicate my life to practice it as a way of life as part of my walk down the Good Red Road. 

  

My Guro (Philippine for Guide) for the physical side of Jeet Kune Do told me recently that the way I integrate the martial arts and the philosophy of Jeet Kune Do is near Black Belt level even though my physical side is still embryonic. I say this only to give you a sense of the time and effort I have put into this practice and the countless hours of self-contemplation I have dedicated to my soul. The results of this are a deep understanding of the truths as they apply to me, and my interpretations may not mean to me what they mean to another person. 

  

In writing this manuscript I hope to stick to the goal of showing you the door and path as I know it and then extending an invitation to you to open the door to your own soul, and start down a lifelong journey whose path is unique to you if you find commonality in my experiences. I hope that you might find a way to have tools to aid you in this difficult life.

  

The stages of cultivation provide me the tools to observe and open the door that allows me to live a life worth living through the cultivation of my soul. Now after time dedicated to this cultivation, the stages provide for me guideposts that nurture my soul as well as enable it to act for me skillfully in tough situations seemingly of its own accord. All the while maintaining and presenting an honest representation of who I am at my core without fear even through the toughest adversity or threat of death. 

  

**"When there is an opportunity, I do not hit. It hits all by itself."** 

  - **\*\*Bruce Lee (Enter the Dragon)\*\***

***Part 2***

## ***The main reasons why I began the journey down this path of self enlightenment***

  

I was severely abused as a child by my family, as well as nearly everyone I encountered at the boarding school that was part of the troubled teen industry in the 90’s that I was sent to when I was 14 and experiencing severe medical issues at home that the doctors could not figure out. 

  

The abuse from my family I interpreted to result primarily due to a mix of frustrations that occurred from my then yet undiagnosed high masking autism, my extreme hyperactivity resulting from my ADHD that I was diagnosed with in the early 90s when I was a teen, and extreme religious fundamentalism. There were also difficult family dynamics and I was never trusted due to lies my sister would say about me. This led me to lie near all the time as a child since everyone expected that of me so I might as well actually do the things I am getting in trouble for. 

  

I think this contributed to a lot of my parents lack of attending to my medical issues as a child as they just did not believe I was in pain, and this led to me being sent to a reform school in Missouri while my kidney was blocked from a birth defect that was resulting in my kidney backing up with urine over twice its size. 

  

The doctors later told me the pain was equal only to child-birth and I experienced that pain for 2-3 weeks of every month for 3 years while no one around me did anything. It was only after being sent home for hernia repair that the doctors realized my kidney was failing after doing the first ever diagnostic test for my pain after 3 years of complaints.

  

What resulted from this was a deep seated anger and lack of trust of near anyone that permeated my soul, while the only place I felt safe was in a hospital and in the hands of a doctor. I hated society and hated the world most of my life and my autism caused and still does drive a lot of difficulty around properly modulating my vocal levels as well as proper emotional content of my speech, both written and spoken.

  

At the time of writing I am 45 years old and around 40 I went through some fairly traumatic experiences that challenged me. I was so burnt out from the many projects I had on the burner back then that I just fell apart and my autism symptoms shifted into overdrive with afterburners. I was unable to see other peoples points of view, and my numerous successes at that time caused me to not be able to comprehend how someone would not listen to me as a source of truth. This caused me to spin out and out of fear and frustration I put holes in the walls of the house I own, and even my family and dog did not like to be around me. 

  

I was also failing to properly modulate my voice during most interactions and many people feared or felt uncomfortable around me simply because of my tone despite my desire to be a gentle giant who is willing to give their life up to protect someone weaker than myself against an aggressor or certain death. I remember a coworker jumping a little bit due to the amount of aggression in my voice that I kinda directed at her simply because I was talking to her, not because I was mad at her. This confused me deeply. I was both unwilling and unable to accept this reality which then pushed me even further into my spinout.

  

Then I had a bombshell drop on me that forced me into my first stage of cultivation of Jeet Kune Do which is the stage of Impartiality where I began to try anything and everything to address my personal issues.

  

This bombshell was my bosses boss at work, the guy in charge of all manufacturing related to Batteries for the Amazon Leo satellites, telling me that my attitude in the tickets with IT was unacceptable as I was telling the IT manager to come back and talk to me when he has experience and I know what is going on so he needs to stop fighting me and just approve the ticket.

  

I was fighting against the stream and I was going at it hard. The problem was I had pretty much exerted all my energy from my soul, life, and “political capital” I had at work. I was about to crash out hard and take all my success with it. I was on the verge of a disaster and this is when I found the book “Be water my friend” by Shannon Lee who is Bruce Lee’s daughter. She has dedicated her life to sharing and teaching the world the philosophy that her father developed around the martial art way that he created called Jeet Kune Do or “The way of the intercepting fist”.

  

It was around that same time that I was having a series of deep conversations with a good friend of mine who is Sikh whom I often go to for personal advice about life. We were discussing what to do about road rage in daily commutes and this began to sow the seeds for me to realize in our discussions it was me that was the problem in that I was the one who was often starting the interactions. 

  

This put me into a very deep and introspective mind during that time period and I think that maybe helped put my mind into a state where I was accepting of the criticism from the director of the entire department at Amazon Leo and not reacting to it in a negative way. It spurred me to begin seeking a better way to go about life that was less destructive to my mind, body, and soul. 

  

***Part 3***

  

***I had to finally stop lying to myself and be brutally honest with and about my soul and how I was living life regardless of who I was trying to be***

  

Practicing the things in the book, “Be Water My Friend”, gave me drastic improvements but I kept finding that I was not making progress in many areas or some of the success I had at times felt shallow for some reason as I was not actually doing better in some difficult situations consistently.

  

It took me a while to really start to understand that in many cases I was not being honest with myself during the work I had been doing within my mind which then bled into how I cultivated my soul.  I have found that I do not make progress if I don't accept my faults and influence in the resulting events in anything I do while going about life, regardless of the good or bad ramifications. 

  

I had to accept that if a car on the road did a crazy and/or dangerous thing or even was agro towards me for some random reason, and I give them the finger then any aggressive response from them is an act I hold responsibility for. This explicitly includes any danger anyone or myself might be put in, as a response and reaction from that other driver to my action of giving the finger in the moment.  

  

The event that really forced me to understand this and put it into words fully was when I had a car try to run me off the road at full speed once for the finger. I only made it to safety because my car was brand new and in good condition. If it had been older and had less maintenance I may not have been able to maintain control of my car or stop in time and might have injured myself or others. 

  

I have to take accountability for it and if I don't want to be scared for my life then I can't get in peoples faces at the drop of a dime or the smallest slight. I am the moonlight in the stream. 

When the world observes me during each moment in time, they observe a reflection of my Jeet Kune Do and my Jeet Kune Do is a reflection of that exact same moment in space and time. 

  

This is tattooed on the inside of my forearm, where I can see it while driving or doing any activity, in the form of a pictograph showing 2 Yin Yang symbols in the color scheme of JKD as mirror opposites of each other with water flowing between them. It was not until I found a way to carry my affirmation on my body due to my poor memory and quick spinouts that I was able to really take my JKD to the next step as it was a form of personal commitment to the process in a way that felt permanent like one would take an oath of monkhood.

  

I chose a pictograph and not words for this part of my JKD tattoos because I intended for me to contemplate on what the drawing means to me every time I look at it. It is my personal prompt and reminder to continually “contemplate with a heavy mind” to paraphrase what Shannon Lee said in her book. My journey will never be completed, but the lessons and joy I can gain are endless. “Never stop flowing” as Bruce Lee said, for when water stops moving it becomes stale.

  

Listening to Kid Kudi’s music early on really helped put me in the right mindset to be able to accept all of this, to be honest, as it laid some of the initial groundwork inside my mind about how I am the only one who can fix my problems, before finding Jeet Kune Do.  One of my favorite songs that really touched me the most is the song Wounds. In this song he is rapping about how when you can't find the version you seek you have to dig deep and not go to extremes while doing it, and this is what must be done to find yourself and sew your wounds. If you are not honest with yourself, then you have become defeated by your mind in this never ending struggle for control of your own soul.

  

The way I look at it is that we are highly evolved animals who have this animalistic cerebellum and this human neocortex brain battling it out. This is grounded in science in how the brain has this smaller primitive proto-brain that they believe developed first and then our brain that makes us human developed next on top of it. 

The addition of the neocortex gave us the mental and psychological capabilities unique to humanity. These animal and human segments are separate structures in the brain, yet they are interconnected directly via the brain stem facilitating direct raw communication. 

  

The cerebellum however, is the autonomous part that controls our primitive reflexes which require “no thought or choice” such as balance, walking, breathing, and muscle memory tasks. This primitive brain is what makes us all equally animals, while the higher level brain is what makes us all equally human.

  

There is a problem though. The mushy grey matter that gave us the ability to stop and think about what we were doing and reason is cool and useful to figure things out but this all takes time. This is truly what makes us humans and special within the animal world. The drawback to this is that it does take time, sometimes just a bit too long depending on the situation for a thought to travel from the neocortex and then get to the body part you want to move, or stop moving in some cases. 

  

This is where the cerebellum kicks in and is what I think Jeet Kune Do has tapped into. The goal is to cultivate the soul or your subconscious, which I like to think of as the cerebellum, to act immediately and skillfully in situations when you don't have the time to think. If you lie to yourself during this cultivation time, you will be training your soul with bad instructions that do not match reality truly and this will harm you in some shape or form at some point in time I think. 

  

This cultivation is essentially a time spent in practice to allow your soul to act for you. If you cultivate it with the lies you tell yourself, then when things get rough your soul will act on those lies. I'll let you figure out if that is good for you or not, but for me that is not a good thing and just leads to more suffering.

## 

## ***The Chapter 2 Challenges***

**Deep Internal Contemplations:**

1.  Are you brutally honest with yourself or do you lie to yourself when you think back on your prior behaviours and the effect they have had on others?
2.  Have you had a bombshell get dropped on you by life because of how you were acting in public to the other humans around you?
3.  How can you cultivate your soul to respond and not react to situations so that bombshells don't get dropped due to your behavior?

  

**Empowering Internal Cultivation:**

1.  Cultivate within your soul an artful response, that reflects your true self honestly, to a stressful stimulus you are having issues with right now. 
      
    1.  Practice this response in small incremental ways until you are proficient in the response and have brain muscle memory for it? 
    2.  Journal about your experience in your own way.

**Chapter 2 Scratch Pad**

# 

  
  
  

# **Chapter 3**

#  **Creeds or maybe just Maxims, of the philosophical “way” of Jeet Kune Do and the Living Void**

## ***Foreword to Chapter 3:*** 

## ***Important considerations about this section***

  

I used quotes around way to respect, honor, and reinforce that Bruce Lee never intended Jeet Kune Do to be this rigid system, style, or way. It was just the way that worked for him at that point in his life, and it allowed him to fix what he himself viewed was a broken mess within his own life. He feared anyone enforcing any aspect of it as set in stone so much that he never really published anything about it himself. It was not until after his death that his notes and writings were published. Up until that point only his students and their students had learned anything about its concepts.

  

I consider what are called JKD concepts to represent something similar to both maxims and creeds in much the same way that Din Djarin, the Mandalorian character in Star Wars, has taken the Mandalorian Creed to walk the Way of the Mand'alor. The Way of the Mand'alor is a path that the Mandalorian is prescribed to walk in life. This path is one that is prescribed by his warrior monk societal structure. We are not focusing on the religious aspects of the society or even judging it as right or wrong, we are assessing how they utilize these creeds in their society. 

  

These are words that are not just spoken, they are internalized and trusted while forming the foundation from which all actions arise. This is because they provide the tools to guide their understanding and cultivation. When a member of that society says “This is the Way”, it is a verbal affirmation to the tribe that all decisions start with the creed and if the creed calls for an act, then one is expected to follow the path laid out with fervor because it is the right thing to do. 

  

I spent a long time debating whether to call these creeds vs maxims, as I also don't want anyone to think of things as set in stone or follow to the point it's a religion to them. What I want people to understand is that these things are the “way” to approach JKD, and what those “ways” mean to you and how you practice them is unique and just as powerful for each individual person. One person's maxim is another person's creed, and this means the same in reverse.

  

## ***Outline of Creeds*** 

## ***What are the many creeds or maxims at a high level?***

  

My personal interpretations and words to describe the creeds of Jeet Kune Do are as follows:

1.  ## Main creeds that define what Jeet Kune Do is and does:
      
    1.  ## Embrace that which works and is useful for you
    2.  ## Reject that which is useless and does not work for you
    3.  ## Add that which makes the way exclusively your own way 
2.  ## Creeds that guide one on how to follow main and personal ones. A “How to do Jeet Kune Do” if you think about it.
      
    1.  ## “Using no way as way, Having no limitation as limitation”
    2.  ## “Utilizing all limitations as way, and all ways as limitation”
          
        1.  ## This is a new one I added
3.  ## My personal affirmations and maxims:
      
    1.  Bruce Lee’s Quotes
          
        1.  What's Next?
        2.  Walk On
        3.  Be the Moonlight in the Stream
        4.  Be like water my friend:
              
            1.  Moving: Be Like Water
            2.  Still: Be like a Mirror
            3.  Respond: Be like an Echo
    2.  Star Wars Mandalorian Quote
          
        1.  This is the Way\!

  

**“This is the Way”**

***Din Djarin (The Mandalorian)***

## ***Part 1*** 

## ***What is Jeet Kune Do Creed 1:***

##  ***Embrace that which works and is useful for you***

  

This one seems like the most simple to understand for me and was one of the sections that I wrote about much later than the others. This manuscript was not written in a linear manner as that is not really how this stuff works in my brain. If I try to push myself to get a thing done in a very tightly controlled way and make sure I don’t skip around when I work on things I end up having issues with the completion of the thing. I have a few disabilities that caused me to struggle as a child and I now work around late in life. One of these is a traumatic brain injury (TBI) that I am clinically diagnosed with which they believe occurred in early childhood. This was detected during the course of my autism evaluation. 

  

They did a full battery of tests to determine my IQ, as well as all manner of things that included my memory. They found that I am in the upper 99 percentile in IQ with an observed IQ of 135, and I also have an identic long term memory. My short term memory is in the 25th percentile however, which means I have worse short term memory than the upper 75% of the population and only have a better short-term memory than the lowest 25% of the population. It's a serious mismatch that makes many people doubt my intelligence when they first meet me due to the memory/IQ oddity that I am. This mismatch generates massive resistance as well as noticeable delays that affect the flow of my thoughts to external communication in the form of both spoken and written language. 

  

My level of autism also is unique in that if I was not as intelligent as I am, I would be that stereotype that most people have in their minds about what an autistic person looks like, one who rocks back and forth and needs 24 hour care. That would be me if not for my brain being the way it is since through sheer willpower and mental capability I command my mind and it obeys, to the point I can push aside the autism for significant amounts of time at will. 

The result of this resistance from both my memory issues and my autism combined is an observable IQ that is actually between 20 to 30 IQ points less than my internal IQ. This observable IQ is the one people hear from me, while my true internal IQ is my internal thoughts and reasoning at the lowest level of the brain that transcends language. 

  

While I do have this problematic short-term memory, I conversely also have an impressive long-term memory which defies most people's assumptions. If I spend time and effort to shift a memory to my long-term side, then I am in the upper 99 percentile for long-term memory and I even have detailed memories going back to near infancy, much like that guy from Big Bang Theory. This memory gap is suspected to have been caused by a traumatic brain injury which would explain why short-term memory is affected as that is done in the frontal cortex, while long-term memory is in the middle of the brain and more protected from a fall. 

  

I have always enjoyed mathematics yet due to having such a bad short-term memory I have some difficulty at times. I can do very complex equations in my head, yet I often can't hold the results of the variable in my head long enough to use them and thus I can only perform a limited range of what my mind is truly capable of without anything to aid me in my memory. I have found a way around this by both counting on my fingers to keep track of variations of values and indexes, while also writing down values as I come up with them so I can use them later and sometimes I just write out the results of the sections of a mathematical statement as i work through it in real time. 

  

I was told at the time that I have a textbook case of how memory should work after a severe TBI based on my experiences.  To add to all this, if I dig deep while I look into my memories and search for a fall I will recoil as I have a visceral body and visual memory of being dropped and seeing everything spin around while in infancy that resulted in me feeling really hurt and it just ends suddenly. I once reacted violently, in a  visceral way, to someone holding me over a high void that no one including myself  could explain at the time. I can’t spend any amount of time in my mind around that fall without much pain in my soul.

  

My cousin was also dropped a lot and has visible brain damage that the courts brush off as drug related and she is often belittled with kneejerk reactions when she tries to defend herself despite being super intelligent like me. I’ve sat in a court hearing where the lawyers for my uncle's conservator seemed to bathe in glee that she was able to run circles around my cousin and cut off any topic she might address. It was like watching a weird version of my life from the sidelines and it was terrifying.

  

The lawyer was even able to prevent me from speaking at the court hearing since they were able to convince the judge I was not a family member due to all of these issues, and my cousin lost out on the only chance we had to save the family farm from the corrupt conservator and their trade. This is also a situation that feels so familiar as I have experienced people using my memory recall speed imbalance against me as a weapon. They have used it to convince others I was lying or was misremembering a fact which was damning against them or painted them in a bad light. 

  

I have experienced those family members claim that I could not possibly be remembering a thing correctly some distance in the past with the short-term memory I have. They have said I was being crazy about it, as I would not admit that facts were a 180 of the truth. My response to that is that companies make million dollar decisions based on my long-term memory recall. These specific people in my life have never had a situation that approached that in front of them that might test that memory in a way which would have real time feedback in such an impactful way, to my knowledge.

  

I may be thinking too highly of myself to be honest, but I feel it is a significant test for my memory, and the ability to perform my job is a litmus test of sorts for me in case my memory were to fade. After all, we only can know how we might perform against an opponent if we enter into combat with an opponent. Only through the observation of how one has reacted to an opponent can one then be able to assess their readiness to confront the opponent.

  

I once had an engineer at Amazon Leo who I did work for complain that I did something wrong and gave him very wrong information that resulted in a significant delay during a shift. This was after I had been pulling nearly 15 hours a day for a few weeks. It was a big issue that really put a dent in the trust level of the team I think. I knew my memory of the situation was completely different so I went back 3 months in chat logs.

 

I eventually found the discussion I remembered having and sent my boss screenshots of me telling that engineer everything correctly which was the complete opposite of what he said I did to my boss, including offering to hold his hand if needed. Either that was subterfuge or a bad memory on his part, but my near excellent long-term memory remembered nearly every detail of that conversation as confirmed in the chat logs.

  

Getting back to the source of all this damage I took to my brain, my sister used to laugh and brag when we were teenagers about how mom used to drop me all the time as a child. These days she denies that, but you can read my poems to find out what is going on there. Additionally, there is also the time my sister launched me headfirst into a table that gave me a giant bump that never quite went away fully and she bragged about it for years to everyone. The point of all this I just said is that I know that doing things linearly does not work for me due to the significant amount of head trauma I received as a youth and the verbal side of my language skills have seemed to take the brunt of the damage.

  

Coding and algorithms however are purely logic based and they don't require complex language processing to get them out onto paper or a computer, as I am very good at language, but I just can't talk well. This makes it very easy for me to do computer related activities for work or play, as my brain is just a pure logic machine that never stops running through algorithms and ideas. 

  

I'm essentially trapped in my mind as my language skills function purely as the equivalent of a text to speech computer with all its glory and error prone pronunciations, yet a vast reserve of that knowledge. What resulted from this is a mind that has spent the better part of 45 years as of the time of writing contemplating the physical world and the mind, while everyone else around me chatted about this and that.

  

What I do know works for me is that I need to allow myself to work on a thing and then when I think up something else that needs to happen along with it, I need to now work on this new item up to a point where I can come back later and pick it back up, even if it is just a few lines of comments in the code about what I need to do next. I then branch back to the source task and move forward.

  

If I don’t at least write down things I need to do as I come up with them, I may not remember what I planned and it's not uncommon for me to sometimes code up the same class twice in different parts of the coding project that do the same task slightly differently. I usually then will pick the one that works best out of all of them if this happens and go with that.My brain essentially does a massive amount of parallel processing and I need to honor and respect my brain if I am going to get anything useful out of it. By doing this I have accepted that which works for me. For me, this means anything that works is something that results in a success while also being in agreement with my own ethics. 

  

If something matches my personal definition of “works”, then it is something I am compelled by this maxim or creed to embrace and accept fully, while putting in significant time and effort researching it as I relentlessly seek to understand it at its core gaining mastery over it. During this time of research I must remember to discard anything I find along the way  that does not work within this thing that does work. It's a state of constant growth and fine tuning of your soul, as well as its responses. Read Creed 2 and then you will hopefully realize it's all a Spiral Staircase of circular growth. 

  

Shannon Lee says in “Be Water my Friend” that Bruce Lee did not like to see himself as a master for if you declare mastery then that means you have reached the pinnacle and have no where to go but down. For Bruce Lee, life was not about mastery but being the “eternal student”. When you shift from being a master to an eternal student, you are shifting from a mindset of one who learns to replicate a move or recite some difficult concept in the theory of electronics, to one who attempts to add their own twist to that move or designs a device that relies on that principle within electronics you are trying to understand. 

  

When you try to add something you shift from the receiver of knowledge to the experiencer of knowledge. If we are not the observer of the experience but the experience itself then that knowledge becomes a part of you and not a mystery you have read about. 

  
  
  

***Part 2***

## ***What is Jeet Kune Do Creed 2:***

##  ***Reject that which is useless and does not work for you.***

  

For me, after much personal soul searching and hard long meditations on what this means for me myself in my situation I found that it means that anything that impairs my martial arts training, workouts, or ability to engage in combat must be rejected totally. If it is something that is not easily rejected, then it must be melted away with time, effort, training, and patience.

 

If you can't stop or quit something immediately (no matter how harmful to yourself or others even) as long as you are making honest internal efforts to train your soul to not engage in those behaviours then you should feel ok with yourself and love yourself regardless of what others think of you.

  

The goal here is that you are taking on the honorable journey of training your soul, or your subconscious as a more scientific term, to act for you without you needing to think about how to do it in the moment. For me, it's about my ability to act immediately and skillfully in difficult situations despite me being in the middle of some random hardship that would normally interrupt what I was trying to do, or send me into a meltdown. My autism and ADHD often cause me to forget to eat when I am working hard or am focused on a topic.

  

My Jeet Kune Do skills now allow my soul to act skillfully for me when I feel hungry by propelling my body to make food that is delicious and healthy, while also bringing me joy. I am fully involved but I do not need to think and when I even start thinking about it I realize I am already on my way to the kitchen and have begun to wash a dish. I may even already be going through the pantry or fridge. This is all an effort by my soul to make some meal a reality as the act of the interception to the current state of being hungry. This was my first introduction to the 2nd stage of cultivation which is the state of fluidity and represents your mind and body working together intuitively as one. 

Bruce Lee had an image created for this step that consisted of the Yin Yang with arrows around it to signify the mind and body working as one and the necessity for continuous growth to make it happen. This stage prepares you to later reach the 3rd stage where you can finally realize the existence of the void in which you exist as a state of peace where you trust and allow your subconscious to almost take over for you in high stress situations where split second decisions matter most. It allows the soul to act skillfully for you utilizing the mind/body conditioning gained from application of this second stage and the skills you have gained during your journey along the stages. It's the journey not the destination that matters. 

  

This does not mean I don't take accountability, it just means that I have an internal peace that I am doing the best I can in the moment. I am also dedicated to eternally take accountability for what comes of my actions as well as any delayed responses that come about due to any direct or indirect results of the impacts of my actions. 

  

The buck stops at me for any action that comes out of my body regardless of the instigating stimulus including the immediate result. I know I must honestly accept any consequences of it, all while knowing I will continue to maintain an inner peace about it so I really don't mind any consequences as I am doing my best. It is the journey that matters most and not the end result. Don't miss the moon for the finger, as Bruce Lee said. 

  

For me I have found a good example of "Don't miss the moon for the finger” in my own life when I go to the gym. I started going to the gym because I had this image of who I wanted to become when I started the physical side of martial arts. This image of who I wanted to be drove me at first and then I began to not really want to go. It was then that I heard an anecdotal comment from a guest on the Bruce Lee podcast talking about how they understood it. They framed it as “do a thing because you enjoy it, not because of some goal you have to hit” 

  

The way I understand it now through that example is this: I go to the gym because I like how it makes me feel. My back and joints hurt less and I have more mobility. My punches are faster and I have more endurance when moving around. 

I have so much energy and happiness after lifting and I don't need coffee on the drive home if I just lifted. If I don't go to the gym and lift, then I do not feel these great feelings and my body degrades again and I have less happiness in life.

I no longer miss the moon for the finger when I go to the gym.

  

For me right now quitting smoking weed is what I am working on rejecting and am making progress. I have found that when I smoke weed, I develop a high heart rate that is very concerning to me. When I am not smoking and working out as well as training with my Guro my heart rate never goes too high. When I am smoking weed for any amount of time my heart rate jumps significantly higher to the point I have to stop my workouts early to be safe.

  

When I was not smoking I was stationary biking 1 mile in 4 minutes and 18 seconds daily with a max heart rate of around 120. Right now I can only do a mile in 5 minutes plus and it's often around 6 or 7 minutes right now. If I try to go for 4 minutes my heart then reaches around 165 and only stops climbing when I slow down significantly. This worries me so I stop and have eventually stopped much of my cardio for now. One day a couple months ago while training with my Guro, I was at 120 bpm after a few minutes of rest when I put my apple watch on after my 30 minute medium intensity training session. I feel like that should not have been so high.

 

Due to all of this, I have decided that despite the weed previously being medically prescribed for health issues, I can manage them without the weed now I feel and the harm is now outweighing the good that it does for me. Due to this, I must begin the sincere efforts to stop.

 

I must work to stop, beginning the process of the slow gentle melt, as of the time of writing this section. For me it's a respect of my commitment to this way of life and if I am truly living to live and not exist for some goal like I have been, then I must stop smoking weed as it is limiting what life I have left to live. It is taking me a long time to do it, but I have only been able to reduce the amount I smoke by figuring out the source of my ignorance. 

  

My long-term goal is to never smoke again, and at the time I felt like I would be unable to quit long term unless I figured out why I felt the desire so strongly to push on when I am smoking and my lungs hurt or I start running into other physiological issues. I never thought I would figure out the reason until I began trying to understand what the source of my ignorance was, let alone what that phrase truly meant.

  

One of the negative effects of the weed is it limits the amount of food I can eat and this results in me not eating. I have been very dizzy at times even and it's not that I forget to eat, it is just that if I eat before I smoke my intestines will slow down too much potentially which will result in a sour stomach. I should just eat first but here is the kicker, smoking weed is a trauma response to hunger because of what I experienced in Seattle when my stomach tore open from a Mallory-Wies tear after an endoscopy with biopsy of my stomach at Virginia Mason downtown. 

  

I had that Mallory-Weis tear only one day after an endoscopy of my stomach with a biopsy at Virginia Mason and that resulted in me vomiting up massive amounts of blood while on a walk with my family. Without surgery I would have been dead within a few hours give or take a couple, and I went into emergency surgery sometime later after I reached the hospital. I was in observation for a little while, and I remember a dark circle creeping in that I was not aware of at the time, while coughing up copious amounts of blood periodically.

  

I did not want to eat after I left the hospital and I did not have any money for quality food. All I had was what I was able to get from the foodbank, which required me to leave college class early one day so that I could get some extra fresh food. My stomach was destroyed and I could not eat much of anything for years. I was also given medications whose purpose I did not fully understand, while my choices for both food and medicine were difficult due to how expensive they were. One extra thing I did have though was a giant bag full of weed that a good friend of mine at time dropped off for me when she visited. That weed worked wonders and helped a lot at the time.

  

The solution I found was that I would smoke weed for much less money than buying food and then I would not mind being hungry as that sensation would lose all meaning to me. I would then be able to take what medicine I could and not feel sick as I also found at the time that weed took care of my nausea. It's only when I smoke too much does my tummy slow down to the point of pain and constipation.

 

Through my cultivation of the automatic response to hunger by making and eating food, I have found that if I eat at the same time I get hungry and feel this desire to mask the trauma of hunger with weed, I no longer desire weed to nearly the same level. It's actually quite a minor pull in my mind  at that point because it is now at least an hour since I began my adventure of finding, preparing, and eating food.

  

I intend to immediately begin to utilize these cultivated skills to eventually defeat this opponent and that opponent is weed. I do this understanding that there really is no opponent as I can't fight the plant, I can only be in combat with symptoms of the opponent which in this case is the effect it has on me. During this attempt to quit I'm really trying to be kind to myself while trying to be stern, but stern in a loving way. I am working to melt away my desire to smoke and for me that requires a slow taper down while finding the safest way to consume while ensuring it won’t cause any excess stress on me. 

  

One can die randomly walking across the sidewalk or driving a car, I do not want to live miserably since my weed use was not problematic to my social or work life, it just meant I could not be a top tier athlete and potentially reach the level of Bruce Lee if I kept doing it and would be stuck as a martial arts enthusiast. Bruce Lee said “Difficulty leads to excellence”.

  

## 

## ***Part 3***

## ***What is Jeet Kune Do  Creed 3:***

## ***Add that which makes the way exclusively your own way*** 

  

So many people I have observed learn a thing from someone and then parrot it to every one and will defend it until they are red in the face, not because they know it to be true, but because they were instructed to think it to be true. When you learn a thing and then stop any progression in that thing, other than a perfection of that singular moment, you are no longer in motion and have become stale. You also will not achieve all that you could in your life. You are not living life, you are being taught about life. 

  

In my martial arts training and education I am not only learning from Guro Bob the basics and foundation of Juan Fan Gung Fu which I do with an empty cup at all times, but I am also researching on my own time in my own way many of the other martial arts to learn what their pro’s and con’s are. I have started to settle down to including Qigong to increase my ability to execute many of the Wing Chun moves better and increase the stability of my body in a sometimes lower impact way, as it being an internal kung fu that allows you to gain massive internal strength and flexibility through stretches and holding a pose for increasing amounts of time. 

  

I have had significant difficulties in using one of my legs in combat in a certain way and it is a constant issue in my training with Guro Bob, not to mention that I am legally disabled due to hip impingement syndrome that got really bad from my time in the Navy and as a volunteer firefighter, when I was a young adult. After around a week of incorporating holding a stance that builds strong core muscles for a minimum of 3 minutes each time every day, I had a significant increase in performance at my next training session. I have also started to look into using Wing Chun Rattan rings and many other things to change up my hand work and bring things to the next level. 

One thing I am working on now is evaluating what purpose some weird arm stretches I learned on Youtube have for me and if it is working or has any value modified a little.  I noticed that the original stretches were hurting me a bit so I had to back-off and then I tried it with a bend in my arm and got the same result with less pain and it's actually the position of an exercise I like to do with weights, but is actually a stretch. I kinda like it now and will probably do it just before lifting as well, since I need to do better at stretching so a fun stretch sounds great to me.

  

These little things I do, they augment my martial arts training and my martial arts is no longer the same that Guro Bob has. When I first started, my martial arts was exclusively what was a part of Guro Bob’s martial arts as well as what I had previously learned from my brother drilling into me combat postures and how to punch as a child from his time in the Army, that I practiced sporadically throughout my life. 

  

Now my combat style is becoming its own flavor or spin as I add to it, giving me additional skills I can draw from when in combat. In the future, if I can’t train with Guro or if I ever have to move and won't be able to train and learn new things, I will have cultivated in me the ability to seek out and learn new skills while being able to evaluate if they are beneficial, detrimental, or neutral for me.

## 

## ***Part 4***

## ***How to do Jeet Kune Do Creed 1:***

## ***“Using No Way as Way, Having No Limitation as Limitation” or*** ***“How the hard lesson I learned is that going with the flow is much better than fighting against it with cute strategies”*** 

  

I really wanted to title this section as an epilogue or something like that, but it fits best as an explanation of the concept of using no way as way and having no limitation as limitation. If you have made it through all the earlier material then you are hopefully mentally willing to walk through with me a realtime discussion and dissection of the traumatic event that occurred in my life around the time I hit 40 that derailed me and sent my life in a tailspin that nearly destroyed my career, my life and just about everything. 

  

If I had written about this 1 or 2 years ago, maybe even just a few months ago, I would have laid into my partner and had no choice in my opinion to blame them for everything that happened to me. The thing is though that the deeper I get into JKD the more I realize just how much of a bigger part I had in it all and how I was using her as a scapegoat for myself. I was blaming her for my failures despite knowing deep down I was the one at fault, but I was so good at lying to myself back then. 

  

So the situation that occurred is that I had interviewed for and was offered a job in Germany very quickly after mentioning to my partner that I was going to look into getting a job there and we would all move there. Well, I had a job offer about 1 to 2 weeks later and I accepted it. This is when the fun (by fun I mean painful and shattering experience) began, or was it brewing for some time due to my behaviours?

  

Back then I would say nearly anything, within reason, to get someone to like me which included saying I could get something done when I really did not have the resources available to do it without selling the house, the artwork I collected over my years in the Navy, as well as nearly everything I own. 

  

This was all just to get my paperwork to leave the country and nothing else. I still needed to get to Germany and secure housing. I was in over my head, but I pressed forward, never to be defeated. 

  

Then when I got assistance in getting my documentation I was so caught up in being cute and insisting that I should not have to deal with complications in residency paperwork. I was trying to execute a series of crazy backroom maneuvers to bypass immigration laws of Germany, in a legal way, because I was super smart so I should be able to make it happen. I was trying to utilize my partner's British citizenship to get me a work passport in Germany as an American citizen… 

  

Well I was being told to do something else by everyone but kept pushing forward with my idea. Then my partner did not feel comfortable traveling due to various legitimate reasons and I was trying now to negotiate changes with the company to make my partner feel better while not listening to them about what I needed to do. They said that the travel assistance company called me difficult and the fact that I kept changing things showed I was not serious, so I got fired after the minimum number of days required by law. 

  

I was an employee of a German company for 15 days and never left the states and never got paid because I never did any work. I immediately placed all blame on my partner for me being fired and only very recently accepted that it was all due to my behaviours. Notice that nearly everything I did was counter to what Jeet Kune Do teaches and it was all driven by my behaviours that were developed over years as a child and young adult with autism.  

  

My reaction, note that I did not say response, was to just shut down on so many levels. I became a couch potato, stopped working on a very important line of industrial research for my manufacturing company I tried to start but has not been doing well. I also stopped paying the bills due to so many reasons both disability and mental health related, and I started smoking weed more and more until I was smoking truckloads a day.

  

I got a managed services contract job working at Microsoft as a development engineer surveying Windows power use on laptops and touch devices as part of the Windows release cycle. My attitude at the time quickly resulted in me actually being let go because of how I reacted to being told I could not work from home when I had been told it was a hybrid role and confirmed by them.  It was essentially only a hybrid role when sick occasionally. My response to such a simple issue was not the best one I could have made and there were many better options on the table at the time.

  

I took state medical leave and when it was over they did not want me to return and was thus unemployed once again. I could not find work to save me or had job offers pulled out from under me for one reason or another. I finally got hired on a contract basis through managed services based purely on my skill and knowledge by Amazon Leo (previously Amazon Kuiper) as a development manufacturing automation engineer. I have managed to maintain employment there somehow despite the mouth I had on me at the time. I have now been actively working on projects for the past 3 years and 1 months as of time of writing. 

  

So where did I go wrong in all of this? To start with I did not go with the flow in any of the situations that I encountered and tried to force either my own form of logic or what I thought was the correct reaction to some stimulus and damn if anyone else was hurt in the process. I mean I had a high level of compassion and still do, but I was looking for a fight and it did not matter who you were. I did not like to be challenged and I always knew the most logical way and the most correct way. Anyone who disagreed with me was a fool and thus it was my duty to show any fool that they were foolish and as publicly as possible. I did not like many of my reactions.

  

So I fought everything and everyone all the time as spoken about in the other sections. What I should have done in my situation with Germany was to work with the relocation team and provide every document they asked for and to not argue with them as they were the experts and I should have followed their lead. 

  

I was not taking into account the limitations of the situation and myself in that time, which would have informed how I should have responded (note I did not say react), and then the way that I went about trying to accomplish the task of getting my passport and visas to leave the US and move to Germany would have been very different. 

  

Any way you need to use to accomplish a task is the right way as long as it's your way so be fierce and unstoppable, but if your body or the world around you has presented you with a limitation then you need to understand and respect that limitation. To not do so, is to not be true to yourself and ingrains a pattern of self damage and perpetuates improper responses.

  

Also, I have recently learned and begun to understand a bit of nuance in this statement as well. It is not enough to use this or that way in a situation and you have done good since it is your action, you must have a way to draw from to skillfully respond in that situation. You can’t just obtain from the vapor a decade of hand-to-hand combat skills and step into the ring of a MMA fight after having sat in front of a television nearly 24 hours a day for the past 10 years.

  

You must practice and cultivate the skills associated with the way as part of your soul and then any way you choose from your list is the right way. The key here is that you never stop learning in order to constantly add to your list of ways. I’m starting to think that maybe each time you fill up your cup and understand a concept, you need to pour it out and into your soul where it enters a bag of holding of sorts that gives you what you need when you reach in as long as you only present to it your challenge.

  

Your cup must be empty to take in new things and you must die to each thing you learn, but with each death comes a rebirth with bits of your previous ego forming the foundation of this new one. Your only limit to how you use your ways is what your limitations are at the moment.

  

My limitation in respect to Germany was that I was broke due to being unemployed, I did not have a passport, Germany did not recognize my school as a trusted institution, and my school was withholding my grades that were needed by the German government to give me a visa. The limitation of the moment was that Germany was offering help but I had to follow their instructions as they were the ones with the money and the experience in what needed to be done.

  

What I did instead was to actively ignore all their instructions while trying to somehow figure out how I could get to London and then to Germany without their help as I could swing things due to my partner being a UK citizen. This would have taken extra money and was also unreasonable as declared by Germany. I was doing my own way, which is what happened and because I did it is what I did because of what I was working with.

  

My failure was not taking into account my limitations and the limitations around me, and then honestly and truthfully taking account and responding with those limits driving the way that I take which is faithful to one of the foundational concepts of Jeet Kune Do which says to use no way as way. The thing to remember is that using no way as way is almost always followed with using no limitation as limitation, this is because in my opinion you can't have one without the other. This is Yin Yang right here, and it is also the 2nd stage of cultivation fully realized when internalized.

  

Within the way you need to have a little limitation and when you have a limitation you need to have a little way to get through and understand it. The Yin is the limitation you are encountering and the Yang is the way which is followed with action. The limitation is defined by the ways you could use and without having ways you have no way to gauge your limitations. The Yang is the Way you would use in a situation, but the true way to be followed is defined and guided by the limitations that are present.  

  

Without this balance, personal internal honesty, and willingness to accept the realities in front of me and act accordingly regardless of my ego I am not able to achieve my full self and ability to function honestly, truthfully, and in my case peacefully and kindly with everyone in the world I encounter regardless of the situation. Is there a better way to describe this?

  

## ***Part 5***

## ***How to do Jeet Kune Do Creed 2:***

## ***“Utilizing all limitations as way, and all ways as limitation******”***

  

When I think about how we are instructed to use “no limitation as limitation” and “no way as way” as the means to being able to intercept the symptoms of an opponent, I can’t help but to be drawn to a singular question.  “How do I choose what ways to learn, practice, and then fill up my cup with?”. 

  

The answer finally came to me during a training session with Guro Bob a few weeks ago. He had introduced some low kicks that were meant to intercept a kick or impact an opponent's lower legs. The classic Bruce Lee kick that he uses in Longstreet during his demonstration of JKD. It's almost like a stiff arm meant to check someone's advance, but using your leg on their leg. If they can't move their legs then they can't close the gap on you. This then allows you to take back the lead in the combat.

  

Due to my hip issues I could not lift my leg too high while trying to execute this move, and it was then that I learned that for this specific class of kicks not being able to lift my leg much higher is a good thing. It's a good thing because I should not be lifting it any higher at that moment anyways, as that is not how this type of move is executed. You're meant to rotate the hip more than kick the leg. Rotate I can do well, lift not so much as that is associated with the location of my hip disability.

 

That means that this kick ended up working out really well for me and is a practical new skill I can practice and have as a practical move I can use in physical combat. This was great news to me as I have been lacking any real way to defend against a kick other than using my arms to block it. I need to ensure that I remember and train with this move as I won't be able to efficiently execute it until I properly condition the muscles associated with the movement, while also practicing proper form during execution of the move.

Incidentally, I have realized the way I have practiced with the Wing Chun Rattan Rings has ingrained a type of muscle memory for my arm positioning. This positioning lends perfectly to blocking a low kick, but I need more than one option. I need something that I can deploy at a very low elevation instantly so that I can block a kick that is coming from below my waist. This new kick I have learned now resides within my bag of ways that I can draw from to intercept whatever I encounter. As part of this interception I can also execute additional moves as appropriate while respecting the limitations of the moment. 

  

These additional moves could be anything or nothing, as there are no preplanned combos. There are only many moves which can be chained together if those moves have been studied well. This could be a quick couple steps back after execution of the leg check, as you have just abruptly and with force halted their advance. Perhaps your goal in the moment was that you only wanted to let them know that they needed to stop their advance on you. This sends that signal to them while also informing them that you are capable of defending yourself if need be. Conversely, your response could have been a sudden devastating quick chain of attacks at explosive speeds with no fear of your own death in that singular moment while you relentlessly advance in the quest to halt the opponent using any means at your disposal. 

  

One thing that Guro Bob has instilled in me is that I don't use more force in a punch than is necessary. I don't need to shatter a person's jaw in a fight, when a nice clip of the jaw will hurt them just as much in the moment without permanent injury. The goal is not to just succeed in combat, but to do it in a way that adheres to your ethics. If I hate the thought of killing, then if I use my moves to kill in combat I will not feel good about myself even if it was in self defense. 

  

Alternatively, if breaking their arm was the proper minimum level of escalation required to stop their advance to the point where they are no longer a threat, I would have felt very good about myself and my decisions. This is due to the fact that what I did was what I had to do and did in that moment. 

  

None of this would be successful if you can't use or draw on the proper move in the moment unless your bag of ways within your soul has been properly conditioned prior to combat. This bag of ways for me seems to behave more like a bag of holding than a list I grab from. A list conjures up images of thinking which way to use and if you think when in combat then you will get hit square in your jaw and your face will shatter into many pieces while you lay on the ground covered in your own blood. I say this in a dramatic way only to emphasize that combat is not to be taken lightly and there are serious life and death issues on the line.

  

With that all just being said and taken into consideration, “Utilizing all limitations as way, and all ways as limitation” for me represents the process one must take to grow. Along with this growth I will eventually be able to successfully intercept whatever symptoms the opponent of the moment is sending to me regardless of the severity. 

  

This is a new idea that I have been working on recently and I feel it is more of a missing piece of the puzzle than any new concept really. This is because it is essentially an explicit callout for how to implement the how to do Jeet Kune Do Creed 1, which is “Using no way as way, and having no limitation as limitation”. It also furthers my explanation in a way of how I see the concept in Creed 1 as being comparable to, and having the essence of, the Yin Yang. 

  

Regardless of whether it is combat with a human using your fists, or mental combat with your coworker as you try to not let your Autism symptoms drive you to react inappropriately, it is all an interception of the symptoms. It's the how and when you do the intercepting if we drill deeper. What is actually happening when I try to intercept my opponent's symptoms, is that I am making a mad dash to reach in and grab the contents from my bag of ways. I do this all while hoping that what comes out is useful for me.

  

I need to remember that if I have been conditioning my soul, then when I reach into my bag of holding, it will respond to my feelings and emotions. It will then  give me the skill or way that I trained it to retrieve for me. When I reach into my bag and grab things out of it, it will be in a manner that is much more calm and flowing in a sense. This calmness for me has been very observable to others. It is almost as if they sense my confidence and the honest expression of my soul together and this in itself has diffused quite a few tense situations lately in a noticeably peaceful way.

 

Getting back to that kick, I was practicing the execution of the move over and over this last week and then it hit me. I can't do a proper side kick or some powerful martial arts kick with the ability to send my opponent across the room and I should not try to either, right now. That I should not try at this moment in time is not a refusal to do something hard, it is an acceptance of my limits. It is an acceptance of defeat or the death of the 20 year old who could move in any direction I wanted to.

 

I am a 45 year old with severe arthritis and multiple impinged joints. It's a miracle I can move and that is before I think about doing a round house kick that would use muscles my body forgot used to exist. With this limitation in mind, I am now focused on executing this style of low kick, or way, that now takes into consideration my hip impingement or limitation. This is because learning how to do this kick showed me my limitation through its application and this is now driving the ways that I am learning to compensate or deal with this limitation. It's all a path of circular growth. In the future if I get more in shape and am told it is safe by the doctors and my Guro, I will try to learn how to execute a powerful side or roundhouse type kick. Today though, I will focus on executing that which is efficient for me in combat.

  

Life for me often feels stale in that I have been in this situation before, but I need to remember that life is a circular staircase and each time around we have a choice to use the way and the limitations it exposed that brought us here to learn new ways around those limitations. This way, the next time we come across this type of situation in life we are prepared to intercept it skillfully and survive with our ethics and soul intact. 

## 

## ***The Chapter 3 Challenges*** 

## ***Cultivation through Combat with an Opponent***

  

**Deep Internal Contemplations**

***Pick a problem you have been trying to understand the proper response to and have this problem in mind during the next set of contemplations***

 

1.  Think of things that work for you right now when encountering the problem
2.  Think of things that do not work for you right now when encountering the problem
3.  Think of things that make you uniquely you that give you insight into the problem or help you deal with it without judgment
4.  Have you learned and made a part of your soul multiple ways to intercept the problem when it recurs?
5.  Do you know your personal limitations when dealing with the problem?
      
    1.  Are you able to detect when those limitations are reached?
          
        1.  If not, can you do research on the topic?
6.  Do you know the limitations of the situation when the problem occurs? 
      
    1.  If not, do you know how to find out your limitations ahead of time as well as when you need assistance in the moment?
7.  Do you have any limitations that you know will interrupt your interception of the symptoms of the problem?
      
    1.  If so, do you know what ways you might use when the problem occurs
8.  Is your current list of skills insufficient to efficiently and quickly respond and intercept the symptoms of the problem?
      
    1.  If so, do you know what skills you might learn and practice that might help you?
    2.  If your current list of skills works, have you encountered any skills that are different from yours that accomplish the same thing?
          
        1.  Did you take the time to learn the new skill?
        2.  How would that new skill be helpful in your life or has that new skill been useful since you learned it?

**Empowering Cultivation through Combat with an Opponent:**

***For the next month pick a problem that you are trying to skillfully intercept the symptoms of in your life and work on the following cultivations while journaling about it in your own way.***

1.  Make an honest and realistic inventory of the skills that work well for you and adhere to your personal ethics when you intercept the symptoms of the problem
      
    1.  Practice reinforcing these skills over the next month in preparation for the problem by finding little ways to use the skills in a way that honestly trains your soul to respond in a way that is an honest representation of what represents who you are at your core. All while taking into account the limitations presented to you at that exact moment in time. 
2.  Make an honest and non-judgmental inventory of skills that do not work well for you when you intercept the symptoms of the problem.
      
    1.  Practice rejecting these skills over the next month in preparation for your future encounters with the problem in order to train your soul to not use these skills. 
    2.  Train your soul to seek alternate paths to success that do not involve these useless skills. Instead resolve to use ones that will work for you and be in line with your ethics. 
3.  Make an honest yet kind and non-judgmental inventory of any limitations that get in the way of intercepting the problems symptoms.
4.  If you're missing skills that directly compensate for your limitations then research new skills that might help and practice them over the next month.
      
    1.  Use these new skills when encountering your problem throughout the month remembering to add that which works, reject that which does not work, and add that which is exclusively your own.
5.  If your skills do compensate for your limitations, then research and practice new skills that can successfully intercept the problems symptoms that are different from the skills you have now and provide a new point of view. Remembering that it is a cycle of constant growth and water only grows stale when it stops moving.

1.  The next time the problem occurs, let your soul use the ways and skills you practiced to address your limitations and experience how your limitations are not an impediment to your response to whatever symptom of the opponent you are dealing with, but are in actuality your unique secret weapon that will give you a unique edge and perspective.
      
    1.  Contemplate on how when your soul is responding for you, it is responding from within the void which is always there but not easily realized. Also since you are not an observer of the experience but instead the experience itself, any response from your soul is actually coming from within you, which would then mean you reside within the void while the void also resides within you at the same time.

  

**Chapter 3 Scratch Pad**

  
  
  
  

# 

  
  
  

# **Chapter 4**

# **I figured out the source of my ignorance** 

## 

## ***Part 1*** 

## ***I realized that the “me” which fights everyone and everything must die daily so my true soul can shine.*** 

  

To be honest, I got most of this from the episode of Longstreet that Bruce Lee was in back in the 70’s. It was between his success in Hong Kong and the movie Enter the Dragon

  

For me I had to melt away that which was making me fight everything. I really like the conception of “isness” and “suchness” that Bruce Lee used a lot, and I have heard his daughter Shannon Lee use a bit in her Bruce Lee podcast and book Be Water My Friend. What I had to do and still do every day is melt away a little bit more of the isness of that which makes me want to fight everything. My interpretation of isness is that isness is what makes a thing what it is. 

  

If you were to distill that thing down until it was just the concentrated soul of the thing then that would be its isness and thus its thusness is that which results from the isness. A thing has isness and thus it has thusness. Where is and thus are conjunctive words that you would not even capitalize in a book title, Isness and Thusness are nouns that describe a thing through its name and these things have some action and thus movement.

 

If a thing “is”, then its movements cause thusness. I must let my version of self that fights everything be defeated. I feel as though the fighting is a thusness and I need to find and understand its isness. At this point I have realized that I fight every obstacle in my way and a large point of pride in my life has been that I can defeat anything my mind throws at me. I have further started to realize that that extends to quitting things that I want to stop doing for any reason. 

  

When I stare into the depths of my soul I can see that I fight quitting weed as well, as my soul does not want to admit defeat. I still may be able to find some way to make these things in harmony with my body, even though everything I have tried works at first but it just keeps creeping up on me and beating the shit out of me every time. 

  

I internally have a lot of fear and I am starting to notice as I go through this process of learning how to die that my fear of losing this or that is melting away such as how I would melt away something that I needed to reject as not useful for me. The fear, I now realized, was holding me back. Maybe I knew that already in my mind as I think a lot of people say that, but I had never felt that in action. I had never encountered that while in motion I guess I am trying to say and I am using a wording that I think Bruce Lee would use here. I like his choice of words, they are very precise and exact with a lot of meaning packed into a small nut of truth.  

  

From the Tao of Jeet Kune Do:

*Approach Jeet Kune Do with the intent to master the will. Forget about winning and losing and forget about your pride in the situation and the pain you feel in the encounter.*  

*Do not be concerned with escaping safely. Lay your life before you opponent*

*If your opponent grazes your skin, you smash into his flesh; if you opponent smashes into your flesh you break his bones; if your opponent breaks your bones you take his life.* 

  

In this situation that I am writing about now, I need to understand how to handle things,  it's the intention that matters, 

  

It's not only just learning how to die, but also learning when to walk away. Sometimes you fight until you're defeated, but other times if you know when to stop you should just stop. For me I am starting to understand this through my struggle to quit smoking weed, I've never been able to tell when to stop my consumption, not because I am addicted, I just never learned when to stop. 

  

I grew up with a family that placed a higher priority on being strong and never defeated to ever discuss how to deal with a thing like drugs or alcohol. They also were part of a fundamentalist western religion to the point that it became  an illness in them, as they became sick with this false sense of right and wrong like a disease had spread in their mind. It was no longer about god in the end I feel like.

It was ok to make me live in a closet and was barred from sleeping on the couch because I was a shitty kid in their eyes as a 15 year old, but you better not do drugs or alcohol because god says they are bad. These people kicked my brother out for giving me medical aid once against my stepfathers wishes when in immense pain from an injury I sustained. Looking back, I would have probably lost my hand that day if my brother did not tell him to fuck off, fixed my hand, and then walked out of the house. He is my hero and that is one reason I go to bat for him so much. 

  

Back to the topic at hand, I grew up with this weird sense of needing to push through everything as nearly every serious medical condition I had as a child would go untreated for years and if not for my perseverance I would have probably died. While my parents were watching TV, I had to crawl from my room to the bathroom shower in order to try and break the 100+ degree fever I had at that time for what seemed like all day long, with nothing but a rag and a bucket of water at the age of 12. I had hoped to break my fever in much the same way a horse broke its fever laying in a ice cold river overnight in a movie I watched the previous day.

  

I crawled into that shower, turned on the ice cold water and passed out for an hour and woke up with my fever gone finally. Before my mom died, she said she did not know any of that ever happened. I could talk about the things I had to do to survive when I was a child and I learned that I can never give up, I can never be defeated as I am the only one who can save me and if I stop I will probably die. 

  

I thus spent a large part of my life as a young adult dedicating countless hours to understanding what pain is and how to control it in case I end up in the hospital with kidney issues again or some situation occurs. I had to be ready for the next time. What I found was a deep understanding that pain is simply a signal sent from the body to the brain and thus if you are sufficiently trained you can ignore it and I sought to control the brain so I could control my pain.

  

The result is that I can kinda drop my mind into this waking sleep state where any pain exists but is not accepted and instead is ignored. This skill kinda bleeds into other aspects of my life and I sometimes do this to life itself as a way of retreating from it or the painful aspects.

  

Now in adulthood, I am an unstoppable force who is capable of just amazing things since I just will push through near any obstacle I would encounter. The problem was then when I would get hurt, drink, or smoke weed and begin to feel the sensations that would indicate I needed to stop, I would just push through it as that is how I understood life to be. 

  

A lot of people including my doctors, who I have tried to warn about my pain threshold, have somewhat dismissed my concerns about how I might injure myself if I keep doing what I was doing before. For me, pain is understood to be a process of the nerves sending signals to the brain that a thing is causing damage to the body. Since these are just electrical signals, I don't have to act on them and can just ignore them. 

  

Now I realize that when I feel high, I don't need to smoke anymore at that moment. If I feel pain, I need to slow down and go to the doctor if it persists. If I drink then I don't drink until blacked out, I just drink until I feel it and then stop. I don't want to get sick and I know that if I don't slow down I will get sick no matter what the thing is my body says to stop about. 

  

Now, this is where I get back to dying to your old self and/or just learning how to accept defeat. I am now accepting that I don't need to smoke or drink to oblivion and doing so will make me sick and I don’t need to fight this sickness anymore.

I've been fighting the reality that I will get sick later and have been trying to show myself that I can do it without getting sick since.

  

Doing this I am heading down a path that is essentially what leads to a high tolerance and then this leads to the dry inhuman term of substance abuse I grew up with. I'm not abusing the substance, it is abusing me and I am trying to fight it but it's winning. It's not abuse, it's combat.

  

Now that I understand this, I am free to finally admit defeat and accept that I can't do these things without an illness showing up, or a high heart rate due to cardiovascular issues from my use of weed or alcohol. I can stop, I have permission to stop, and I don't need to keep doing it. 

  

Taking this a step further, now that I understand better the isness of my ever fighting spirit to the point of understanding the damage it can do to myself, I can reduce the harm of its thusness. With this understanding in my mind, I have significantly reduced the extent I do the things that harm me, it's not a silver bullet and I am getting closer and closer to quitting weed, but I do not use it to excess anymore and my tolerance has been dropping significantly since this realization. 

  

## 

## ***Part 2***

## ***Hack away at the unessential***

  

This is that less is more kind of thing. In my mind I feel that the concepts to work out how one would hack away at the unessential are essentially the same as for how I deal with melting away that which does not work for me. I'm a big fan of Zen Buddhism, and one of their ways of thought is that you can't really give a person all the knowledge they wish to obtain as they need to come upon their own personal truths on their own and at their own speed. 

  

What a thing means to me is not always what it means to another and you need to find your own way and understanding. If you wish to understand how I feel about hacking away at the unessential then I invite you to contemplate on my writings and comments on melting away that which does not work for me. Musashi says “from one thing know ten thousand things. Think on this.”

  

For me the only real good example I can think of that is not just a very personal one is my ongoing process of trying to understand how I want my hands to move around in time and space during combat. To be more precise, I am trying to understand the fastest most direct way to move my hand between moves while in combat and if a flourished curved path vs more rigid direct path is more beneficial. 

  

In this I am trying to understand if the embellished flourish you often find in kung fu movies and some kung fu training is just an embellishment to make it look pretty or is it actually useful if you can know and understand what it is doing? In discussions with my Guro about this I have learned that the real metric is if the form or movement has a functionality or if it is meant to be theatrical for show.

  

This is a constant thing I have been back and forth with myself on when analyzing and working out my skillset in gung fu. The process is analogous to the methodology for how I sort through personal struggles to find that which I need to hack away at to remove the unessential parts of my personality that I may have acquired over time, due to where I lived and worked for extended periods.

 

Are these behavioral flourishments meant to make me look good but with no real use, or are they a true representation of who I am, which is the thing I am trying to show to the world more and more as I find my true self.  Are these old behaviors beneficial or do they cause me a problem, if they block me or if their impedance is too high then they are unessential and need to be hacked away in much the same way you would reject that which is useless.

## 

## ***Part 3***

## ***We are all just humans fucking up along the way***

  

We are all just humans messing up as we go along. No one was born with a user's manual and those who say they have the only way are the ones you want to run from the fastest. The way I show here is the way that worked for me. Your way may be on the other side of the earth in a hut with no books in sight or it might be found in the bookstore down the road. 

  

The point is that there is no right or wrong way of living life and no one should make you feel ashamed for not doing this or for always doing that. The only person's opinion on you which should matter to you is your own. How do you feel about your life after you remove all the noise resulting from the egos of the world we are exposed to on a daily basis?

  

Let's try this thought experiment. If Bill Gates had been born to a family that owned a corn farm in Iowa where the economic and societal pressures push everyone to grow and sell grain products as the food bowl of the United States would he have still founded Microsoft? Would he even know how to use a computer in the way he does now, or would he be just like any one else who uses a PC for work and leisure. Would we have a PC? 

  

Well, what if in this thought experiment Bill Gates actually replaced a kid who already existed in that family in Iowa and there was a Freaky Friday where they switched bodies. Now this kid who would have grown up in Iowa is growing up in Bill Gates' childhood. Do we still get Microsoft or do we get some other thing that blows us away?

  

Did the Bill Gates in Iowa invent a new technology for agriculture? The results are endless, because we are all a result of what we started with and what we did afterwards as well as just plain luck. Anyone who says it's not luck but hard work either is trying to keep the lie alive or they have bought into it. 

  

Those who have accomplished a lot are often the victims of very good luck and if they say otherwise they are most likely just trying to maintain their status in society regardless of the cost, this has been my observation.

  
  
  

***"Like everyone else, you want to learn the way to win, but never to accept the way to lose. To accept defeat, to learn to die, is to be liberated from it. So when tomorrow comes, you must free your ambitious mind and learn the art of dying."***

  

***Bruce Lee***

  
  

***The Chapter 4 Challenges***

**Contemplations:**

1.  Do you fear defeat or are you ok with the thought of losing a battle to win a war?
2.  Are you constantly fighting something? 
      
    1.  Do you fight things or people at every turn?
3.  Do you have behaviours that are destructive but you can't quit them and they cause you injury yet you still do it? 
4.  Do you know what the issness of this fighting and destructive behavior is? 
5.  Do you understand how this isness’s thusness is destructive to you? 
      
    1.  For me until I could answer these questions fully and truthfully to my soul I was in a state of ignorance and had yet to find the source of my ignorance. One I did, my life drastically changed internally for the better and many of the old behaviours and fighting desires melted away. 

  

**Empowering Internal Cultivation:**

1.  Pick a destructive behaviour that occurs in your life that you are unable to stop and causes you pain the more you do.
      
    1.  When this event occurs the next few times, sense what is happening in your body and allow the mind and body conditioning you did in the previous chapters to assist you in understanding what occurs in your mind and body while simultaneously observing what is occurring in the world and environment around you. Do not make any judgments, only observe and record.
    2.  While it is happening are you able to sense when you have reached the point of no return? 
          
        1.  Are you able to self-soothe or distract yourself when you feel this occurring to break the pathways?
    3.  Is there some event that occurs that then triggers some internal reaction (note I did not say response) which then drives you?
    4.  Reflect on all of these things and see if you can determine the source of your ignorance
2.  Once you have at least a vague understanding of the source of your ignorance then you will have a symptom of your opponent that you can then engage.  
      
    1.  Craft an artful response to this symptom of your opponent which is how the mind drives you to the destructive behaviour you are addressing.
3.  Journal in your own way throughout this process and about your feelings, experiences, and revelation or lack thereoff. It's the journey that is important and not the end goal, as the main point of everything is to know oneself and live a full life. 
4.  Read over all your notes and journaling done throughout this manuscript about your answers to the contemplations and empowering internal cultivations in the previous chapters and this chapter and then contemplate on what you have learned about yourself. Do this while treating yourself to something special in an environment that you identify as a safe and comfortable space. 

**Chapter 4 Scratch Pad**

  
  

# 

  
  
  

# Thank you for reading this manuscript and I hope it provided you some insight into who I am as a human and that you, my fellow human, may take away something that helps you live your best life.

  - # Cricket Pearl  

  

# **Go with the flow and be water my friend**

  - # **Bruce Lee** 

# **Epiloge**

# **Some questions I was asked by my Guro about my experiences after a couple months of physical training of Jun Fan Gung Fu and i think they show that things took off when I got into the physical side of Jeet Kune Do through Jun Fan Gung Fu**

## What I have gained from the physical side of my Jeet Kune Do training

### \-What motivated you to take private lessons?

My journey on the philosophical side brought me to the physical as part of combining mind and body.

### \-How has this training helped you?

Much higher self-confidence as well as more knowledge on when to restrain and when to act gained through conversations with guro about the topic.

### \-Where would you be without this training?

I did not fully understand closing the gap in an applied way. Being taught it in training allowed me to bridge the gap so to speak (pun completely intended) in my understanding of it and how to use it properly in my life to resolve situations where my autism gets the best of me.

  

I would not be the more complete version of myself that I am today. Private lessons have allowed me the time and space to comfortably train and learn new skills in my progression through martial arts. Guro has always been patient about things and he clearly is dedicated to guiding me through my journey while helping me understand my limitations and how to work with them.

  

We focused on the basics at first and as Guro found I enjoyed certain aspects more than others he helped guide me to be successful at those things through specialized training to address those skills and interests. Perhaps one of the things I am most grateful for is the time spent talking about martial arts concepts and strategies. They have really helped me significantly and I will often spend the whole week contemplating on what was discussed as I try to learn. One such situation was when I was told about how it has been found that when people visualize performing a skill before doing it they are better at it. I applied this to how I was training to improve and execute a specific type of punch properly as I was having issues with proper timing and movement. The visualization exercises allowed me to figure out and perfect that move. 

 

# 

# ***Trailing Random Thoughts***

  

I want to use Pokemon GO as an example about combat and thighs as well… bear with me here. Probably its own book tbh.. 

  

I did not really talk about being water much I don't think in this document. There is a good reason for this as being like water is a very important part of Jeet Kune Do. The thing is that I am in the middle of a realization that has made it hard to write about. It will be in the next volume I am writing now. For now I will leave you with these initial Bruce lee quotes and then a challenge thought for you that will be the substance of the next volume.

  

Be water my friend, water can crash or water can flow. Pour water into a cup and it becomes the cup, pour it into a teapot it becomes the teapot. If water is how you react and respond and your cup needs to hold this water, then where are you getting that cup from? Do you have to be your own cup? If so, won't an angry cup make angry water more often and a happy cup will lean towards happy water more often than angry water.

  

What is the role of the cup? Is it just to fill up with knowledge and then be emptied out again? Where does that knowledge go if you dump out the cup? Is this when you shift something to your subconscious thoughts?

  

# 

# ***Personal Dedications***

  

## ***For My Brother Aaron***

  

**I wish I had learned these concepts a decade ago. If I did, then I could have shared them with you and then maybe the world would have understood you better and the pain you went through.** 

  

## ***For My Nephew Justin***

  

**I'm sorry I could not stop the cycle. I love you more than anything and I wish I had known better ways to solve things rather than disappear. Jeet Kune Do has given me the skills to help others not repeat the same mistakes. We will always have Zelda.**

  

## ***For My Cousin Danielle***

  

**I cannot change the past, but I can affect the present in a positive way.** 

  
  
  

# 

# ***About the Author***

  

***Preface to me talking about my achievements through adversity***

  

My name is Jennifer Pearl, I have multiple clinically diagnosed disabilities that include autism, dyslexia, ADHD, and PTSD. I am professionally a decorated honorably discharged combat veteran with good conduct distinction, a decorated medical  firefighter, and a polymath who has built a career around manufacturing automation in FDA and FAA regulated industries later in life, as well as computational sciences with university associations. I am also a transwoman who transitioned genders publicly around 2009 at the age of 29. This was after my time in the military and firefighting, but during my start in manufacturing. 

  

At the time of writing this manuscript I am 45 years old and I have had a hand in influencing the course of our society in many small yet not insignificant ways. I have accomplished this through a combination of my tenacity, intellect, the unique benefits of my multiple disabilities, and my constant accumulation of skills as I pass through life. I do all this through carefully vetted places of employment in the electronics manufacturing world, where I endeavor to only work for the companies that are doing something that is a benefit to or brings joy to humanity through the system I am working on. 

  

Often when I tell people that I am autistic they are in disbelief as I don't fit the drumbeat of pushed stereotypes depicting how someone who is autistic will never pay taxes, they'll never hold a job, they'll never play baseball, they'll never write a poem, and many think we will never go out on a date. That was actually a significant portion of a quote from a leading political figure with significant sway and power to make decisions that impact the autistic community. 

These people see me, and others like me, functioning in the world and make assumptions while they are unable to see the extreme difficulties we all have that are unique to each of us. Through time, training, and practice I have learned how to effectively manage and mask my own symptoms so that the world is not made aware of their existence.

  

We are seen as a drain on society and this section is my public response and repudiation of those uninformed and outdated stereotypes. Bruce Lee’s relentless desire to educate the world about the true Chinese person and remove the negative stereotypes has inspired me to also seek to educate the world about the true autistic person and transperson along with our benefits to society.

I have had to learn that I best show my IQ through using it and not talking about it when I meet people and in conversation.

 

With that being said I will do my best to show you who I am, and not tell or brag about what I have done as what follows is an itemization of what I have done in life. Some would say I have not had a life, but for me the purpose of life has always been about using it to be in service to humanity. This was instilled into me at a young age by my grandfather who was a pastor of a church he built with his own hands. Before this, the town did not have a building that was big enough for public gatherings. He used his own money to do this and then proceeded to allow the city to use his church’s building for all town hall meetings and community events.

  

He would often take me along on his many trips to minister to those who were too ill or unable to attend church services when I was a preteen and teen. I would often ask him targeted questions about why he would do this act. His lessons stuck with me and despite not being a Christian like him, I believe in his lessons about ministering to others. For me right now the only way I can be in service to humanity is through creating systems that help others, while also learning new skills. I do this with the hope that I can apply them again at some time in the future to assist others.

  

***With that all being said, I now present to you a snapshot of how I got to where I am now professionally.***

  

I was in the Navy for 6 years and during the first 2 years I was stationed in Pensacola, Florida where I was a volunteer firefighter with Escambia County Fire and Rescue and was voted as my firehouse's Firefighter of the Year in 2002.

  

I joined the fire department because when I was a child, my uncle died in a house fire caused by me indirectly and during that fire I watched him burn alive as he yelled to me to get to safety. The firefighting was my way to pay off a debt I felt I owed to my uncle. That debt was the cost of sacrificing his life for the safety of mine. He could have called me over to help him as I was trying to. He stopped me and forced me out and said he wanted me to live. I had an oversized debt to pay at the time I felt, and I am still paying it off in a way. 

  

Because of this there was not much I would not do out there and I learned a lot but also now have a lot of demons from what I saw and did. The amount of blood I have seen at once on the ground, while  people's bodies were covered in the viscous red goo just makes me shiver. I once looked at a child who was involved in a motor vehicle accident. That child looked so scared and was just frozen in fear of what was happening around him. He was also covered in a significant amount of blood. When I look back I realize that most of that blood was probably not his.

 

That child was all I could think of for some time and I remember thinking how the child looked to be the same age as my nephew and that could happen to my nephew. I immediately went to my favorite bar after we all got back to the firehouse after the accident. On the way out I very publicly announced myself out of service officially until further notice, for everyone to know. I could not do firefighting for a day or two after that as I decompressed.

  

There was one situation that has stuck with me, and that was the time I did straight mouth-to-mouth resuscitation on a woman who was cold to the touch and had a mouth full of vomit. My assistant was struggling and he could not find the barrier we were supposed to use. I sat there and looked at him and then her, him, her, him, her, and then just her. That was when I just said to myself, “so others may live” and began mouth to mouth. We were unable to resuscitate her and after the paramedics took over I had to smoke a cigarette to get the taste of vomit from my mouth.

  

During my time as a First Responder I eventually became the leading medical First Responder which is a medical role above first aid but below EMT. I was certified to administer oxygen, take vitals, and assess and report the status of the victim to the EMS on route. It was my job to keep them stable until EMS could take over. I would ride with and assist ambulance medical techs often in a medical assistant role retrieving items needed for them to apply to the patient. I might bandage up a patient on occasion as well. I was often the first and only trauma based medicine trained individual on the scene until EMS with the EMT’s and Paramedics showed up.

  

I have lost count of the number of times I have done CPR at 5am in the morning on a deceased 80 year old and had to continue until EMS arrived and pronounced them dead. The very last medical call I was on was the day I left Pensacola when the Navy transferred me. I had just got done training my replacement team and we were responding to a suspected drug overdose. I ended up being able to detect the patient had an obstructed airway from their tongue and directed the team to clear it. Everyone worked flawlessly and the patient began breathing again. I then got up, gave the paramedic the details, drove to the airport, and flew to my next duty station across the country to report for duty.

  

I transferred to Pearl Harbor and served on the USS Paul Hamilton (DDG-60) for the last 4 years of my service and was deployed to the Persian Gulf for both Operations Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraq Freedom. While there my ship launched around 77 tomahawk cruise missiles into Iraq and the ship at the time held the record for most missiles launched in a war. We had to reload once in Bahrain and while that was going down we had the automated chemical warfare alarm go off and the ship entered a washdown cycle. We all had to put on our chemical warfare gear. 

  

For me that was my gas mask, as we were each issued one that we had to keep on us or nearby at all times. This chemical alarm went down while I was asleep. This meant that I woke up to the chemical alarm, had to hold my breath while I was still drowsy from the deep sleep, found my gas mask, put it on properly, and then did a fit check. Only after all that could I then finally safely start breathing again. This is a memory that still causes me some anxiety when I think about it.

  

We were later rammed into by a merchant vessel that was allowed to get too close which left a giant hole in the side of our ship. Our Commanding Officer Pferman (we lovingly called him “P Fred”) saved our lives as the officer of the deck had ordered a turn away to evade that would have resulted in our deaths. He immediately belayed that order and ordered a turn into the ship.

  

The reason for this is due to the physics of how a ship turns, if we had turned away from their bow then we would have presented the broadside of our ship. It would have been the equivalent of us being a barn and the merchant ship was a tank coming right at the side. Instead, we turned into it which meant that we literally scraped against each other's hulls creating a gash along the side of our ship as we deflected off each other, like you would see in a space ship movie. It was terrifying… like really bad.

  

We were forced to stay on patrol in the Persian Gulf with this giant hole and many of us would wake up in the center of this guided missile destroyer in the morning to the sound of seagulls just outside the hole plugged with mattresses and painted over on the outside of the ship every hour or so until it got fixed a week later, which was an odd experience. 

  

For me it was like I was waking up from a night of camping on the beach when I was a kid in Washington state, but this time I could die. My XO also committed suicide on that deployment while we were in port getting the hole patched over with a plate welded to the side of the ship. To top it all off the first casualties of the war were on my birthday when a blackhawk helicopter crashed only a couple days into the war. So many encounters with death on that deployment.

  

I was later heavily involved in the Ballistic Missile Defense Program. My work while enlisted directly contributed to the success of our nation's Aegis Ship based Ballistic Missile Defence Program due to my involvement in both me authoring the original release of the user and troubleshooting guide for how to operate the nation's strategic tactical satellite network via the USQ-151 to both produce and consume strategic tactical intel during a ballistic missile attack on our country as a coordination of defenses. This system is how the location of the incoming ballistic missile gets to those who need to shoot it down. 

  

This system works very well as it was what was used to destroy that broken satellite that was going to potentially rain toxic chemicals on everyone. The US Navy shot it down with the system designed to take down ballistic missiles which means that the ship got its info about the threat via the system I was working on and had just got working a year or so prior.

  

This was accomplished during my time in the Navy as an enlisted Cryptologist working on the shipboard electronic intelligence side as a signal analyst and maintenance technician. Just before getting out of the Navy I was considered the leading Navy technician for this system while debugging major issues that prevented the fleet from using it globally, and later being asked to take on the task to write the first release of the user guide personally by the Director of the Pacific Missile Defence Agency.

  

When I got out of the Navy I took a Greyhound bus across the country from Washington State to Louisiana via Texas to volunteer with an organization that was called Emergency Communities. The people on the ground with EC later reorganized under the leadership of Laura Paul [Lowernine.org](http://lowernine.org). Donate if you have time as they are doing the hard real work, and she is a true example of a great honest and humble human being.

 

I only left due to my mother getting cancer. I talk about it like she had a bad cold or something despite it taking her life the second time around. I've been like this for a very very long time around the time she died. At this point in time the amount of death I have seen or been related to is just immense, so what is this one more drop of blood. I miss her deeply and the lack of her presence is felt daily.

  

I started working in manufacturing after I came home from Louisiana. I started as a glorified assembler using my electronics skills to help with things here and there as a Equipment Specialist. One thing led to another and over time I essentially became a maintenance technician and was at one point leading and doing a complete swap of the internal of an ultrasonic welder in production at breakneck speeds as well as working with robotics and high speed pick and place automation.

  

The Research and Development Department needed help and they requested me by name. Once there I just thrived as it was a highly scientific engineering department. This place was the first environment I had ever been in at that point which valued my intelligence and what I brought to the table fully. I never really looked back as I began my journey to become an engineer.

  

While at Philips Oral Healthcare R\&D, I put into service the equipment and documentation used to qualify and ensure the safety of every Philips Sonicare Toothbrush drivetrain in their handles before they get built per FDA regulations as a Class 1 Medical Device. I later worked at Microsoft on XBOX360 optical disk drive development and there are XBOX360’s made near the end of manufacturing that use drives from a manufacturer I personally qualified over 9 months to meet quality expectations. Later on, I was instrumental in the development and release of the Surface Hub from proof-of-concept to being sold to customers. 

  

Later on in my career I developed novel fixed lens optics focusing algorithms for Omron Microscans Microhawk smart machine vision imagers that are used to build the optics in manufacturing and there are customers who use these to perform cancer research. I did this utilizing the side quest I had been doing to become a computational scientist as a hobby. This culminated in me working on a RNA research project that funneled me down a path that would change my life through my volunteer efforts.

  

My volunteer efforts for the good of society involved becoming an extremely active and prolific team member of Stanford's Eterna crowdsourced RNA research program where I developed new methodologies for analyzing and performing RNA structural prediction. These resulted in paradigm shifts that have rippled across all academia throughout the world as our papers are referenced by many people.

  

The tools the team uses now were developed in response to concepts I pioneered and proved, despite high levels of resistance from the community at the time concerning their validity while I was developing and teaching about them as I tried to gain acceptance from the community as to their efficacy. I now have multiple peer-review publications under my name due to my contributions to computational biology.

  

At time of writing, I am an individual contributor on a research project with the University of Houston’s Center for Nuclear Receptors and Cell Signaling where I perform the duties of lead RNA structural dynamics scientist. These duties include ideating and writing algorithms for next generation RNA structure prediction tools. I am working with the University of Houston to also later on test out my theories that could allow us to render near any disease with an RNA basis inert in the human body, much in the same way Narcan renders opioids inert in the body and blocks their use.

  

I do this all while only having a Bachelors in Computer Science and an Associates in Electronics, but I have dedicated my mind to learning and research to the point I am recognized as a PhD level computational biologist by scientists at multiple universities that I have associations with, and as a masters level computational scientist professionally in the manufacturing world.

  

That brings me to my current role at Amazon Leo in the Battery Systems manufacturing team where I am a contractor, yet I have L6 level responsibilities. I have worked my way up to become the current senior software engineer on the Battery Cell Test Team. I also worked on the Flight Control Computer Team in the past. During my time on the Flight Computer Team, I wrote much of the early code that qualified the flight control computers in production as well as developing the drivers around the GNSS/GPS system testing. 

  

Later while on the Battery Team, I wrote some of the essential flight computer power failover qualification test software used to ensure the systems work properly in space when components fail and redundancy needs to kick in as part of the release for flight process. My current work involves a mix of data science and advanced manufacturing engineering quality control work around li-ion cell qualification. 

  

I generally decide the course of action the team needs to take to address software issues, computer configuration issues, or code development. I am trusted to ideate nearly every aspect of the configuration of the systems and how the data pipelines operate. My signature and a drawing I like to make are both orbiting the earth as I write this and they are on a special satellite battery pack the entire Battery Team was allowed to sign. This satellite should be in orbit for many years to come while it provides broadband to the masses and a benefit to humanity.

 

I say this all only to give you an idea of where I am in life and what I am working with, as well as to show you and encourage you to never give up. Do not assume that because you did not go to a specific type of school, or that because you have a significant disability, that you are prevented from participating and excelling in a path of life you desire to live. If you do, then you will never succeed because you never started and have failed before even trying. Be like water and find a way through the cracks, utilizing that which makes you special.

  
  
  
  

# **Poems of Sadness**

## **Poems of true accounts of lived childhood abuse at the hands of an abusive family and my enslavement at the** **Fundamentalist Baptist reform school Mountain Park Boarding Academy** **in Missouri and how my good friend** **Will was murdered** **while I was there. Includes my stories of survival and my fight to be free internally and externally.** 

##  All Poems by Cricket Pearl

copyright 2023

# 

# **Table of Contents**

[The Tree 3](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4PC2IZ0vn4IOKPK2MXCbFdRaskYZMZ2yhu0RiSpUC4/edit#heading=h.tyjcwt)

[First Memories 6](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4PC2IZ0vn4IOKPK2MXCbFdRaskYZMZ2yhu0RiSpUC4/edit#heading=h.1t3h5sf)

[Hyperactive 8](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4PC2IZ0vn4IOKPK2MXCbFdRaskYZMZ2yhu0RiSpUC4/edit#heading=h.2s8eyo1)

[Lies From Within 12](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4PC2IZ0vn4IOKPK2MXCbFdRaskYZMZ2yhu0RiSpUC4/edit#heading=h.3rdcrjn)

[The Closet 14](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4PC2IZ0vn4IOKPK2MXCbFdRaskYZMZ2yhu0RiSpUC4/edit#heading=h.lnxbz9)

[Hopes for the future 18](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4PC2IZ0vn4IOKPK2MXCbFdRaskYZMZ2yhu0RiSpUC4/edit#heading=h.35nkun2)

[Lost Time 22](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4PC2IZ0vn4IOKPK2MXCbFdRaskYZMZ2yhu0RiSpUC4/edit#heading=h.44sinio)

[The Cold 26](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4PC2IZ0vn4IOKPK2MXCbFdRaskYZMZ2yhu0RiSpUC4/edit#heading=h.2jxsxqh)

[The Fighter 33](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4PC2IZ0vn4IOKPK2MXCbFdRaskYZMZ2yhu0RiSpUC4/edit#heading=h.3j2qqm3)

[The Kid 35](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4PC2IZ0vn4IOKPK2MXCbFdRaskYZMZ2yhu0RiSpUC4/edit#heading=h.1y810tw)

[Will 37](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4PC2IZ0vn4IOKPK2MXCbFdRaskYZMZ2yhu0RiSpUC4/edit#heading=h.2xcytpi)

[Abandon 45](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4PC2IZ0vn4IOKPK2MXCbFdRaskYZMZ2yhu0RiSpUC4/edit#heading=h.1ci93xb)

[Food is not my friend 48](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4PC2IZ0vn4IOKPK2MXCbFdRaskYZMZ2yhu0RiSpUC4/edit#heading=h.2bn6wsx)

[High Hopes 52](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4PC2IZ0vn4IOKPK2MXCbFdRaskYZMZ2yhu0RiSpUC4/edit#heading=h.3as4poj)

[I wanted to love you loco parentis 54](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1b4PC2IZ0vn4IOKPK2MXCbFdRaskYZMZ2yhu0RiSpUC4/edit#heading=h.49x2ik5)

  

# 

#   

# The Tree

  

I am lashed to the tree and bound to its trunk

With bindings packed only for me

I am not meant to run 

I am not meant to be free

I am forced to watch my family be so happy 

Captive witness to their glee

  

I am trouble

I am a problem

Why do they hate me?

Is it because of my energy?

Is it because I was not meant to be?

  

Witness the rubble that they have left

See me broken and see me tremble

Finally see me struggle to be free

  

Please will someone just see me

Please will someone just see me

Will someone just look at me

No one seems to care

No one seems to mind

I am so easily set aside

Can you see me, my dear reader?

Can you hear me, my dear listener?

I need someone to say yes

I need someone to say “you are not alone”

  

Can you see me?

I plead that my family might someday.

  

Please see through my eyes

Please hear through my ears

Please know what it means to be me

Understand what it means to dwell in my pain

  

Something has changed inside me

Something became broken that day

My mind was shattered

My mind became unwell

  

It could have been prevented

But my mom was obeying the stories she was told

The thing the many Christians tell 

  

I was given no other choice 

I was forced to let it protect me

Even if it came with a steep fee

This is my earliest memory

This is my earliest nightmare

Please will you see me

Please will you hear me

This is not how a child should be

  
  

# 

# First Memories

  

My memories first start to form

The observations are seared into my brain

They exist for posterity

They are on a constant loop of play and rewind 

My mind is a trap for things that should be lost to time

  

When I concentrate, I can still see the child I was

I was still so young

I was clearly too young to have expectations put on me

I was much too young to know what life would throw at me

I was far too young to lose my innocence

Especially at the hands of my family

  

My very first memories, they are of joy

I play with toy astronauts in what must have been 1983

They were a gift from my dad most likely

Or at least that is what I like to think since it makes me feel so happy

Oh, just to have a piece of my father as a part of me

  

The astronaut’s home, it was built like a lunch pail

I would open it up and then place it on the table 

Once I did that space would prevail 

They must pass through the airlocks constructed of imagination

To get from one side to the next of the lunch pail space station 

  

I feel joy when I soak my mind in this time.

But I dare not move an inch from this period on the line

After this position in time things get dark

After this moment things get sad

My memories sometimes skip or stick

It's like a broken record with a deep cut groove 

I am so fearful to give them time

  

With love I greet these old memories

With kindness I hold myself in an embrace

I hug the child who I was once

I hug the child who is yet to know

I hug myself and won’t let go

I must love myself at some point in time

# 

# Hyperactive

  

I run and I run, and I cannot stop

My energy levels will not allow

I cannot stand still

I cannot sit still

I could never be still

I must run and run and run

  

I cause so much anger

I cause so much frustration

So much yelling

So much chasing after

  

My sister is my wrangler

I am always my sister’s assignment

Mother never wants to be bothered when I’m involved

  

Resentment abounds for loss of childhood time

Persists still when commensurate on time long past

She states she hated me then

I always feel the sting like a message lost in time

She was the one made responsible for me

Even at such a young age, and with so much hidden rage

Mother was always at work

Mother was never around

Mother always kept me at a distance

  

Sometimes I was too much

Sometimes I would not stop

Sometimes they would grow frustrated

It was always at that point on the line that I became just an object for a time

  

They just wanted to have fun that night

They just wanted to relax

Why will he not stop they would say

Why will he not let us relax they would relent

  

The tool of last resort is retrieved

Essential camping gear had been packed

The rope is gathered and is prepared

I am to be tied to the tree

This memory…

The worst memory it is

This memory…

It invokes contractions of the stomach

This memory…

Is a pain that makes me cry out

  

It is not truly a memory

It is far better called a nightmare

A waking nightmare trapped in my mind

My mind that often cannot accept

  

I scream in my nightmare

I scream and scream 

I beg for help

I beg for freedom

  

I have my first panic attack

I have the first freak out, the first one I can remember

They now come so easily

  

Through my eyes I see a sight

It hurts even more than the nerves pulsating through me

Each one burning like fire begging to melt through my body 

Can they not see that my nerves are begging to be ripped free

  

Laughing

Happiness

It just does not make sense

It does not register in my mind how they can exist at the same point on the line

The same point in time

  

Everyone is ignoring me

I struggle

I scream

I panic

I am imprisoned 

I am a prisoner of my family

I am forced to watch them all so happy

  
  

# 

# Lies From Within

  

My sister is torture

My sister is terror

She is evil

She is mean

She is the sweetest thing you have ever seen

She will hide her actions

She will scheme

Her name is Christine

  

I was diagnosed with Autism at 43

When I was a child, I would scream when things weren’t right or as they should seam

I did not like touches

I did not like to see certain things

  

My sister, she would taunt me

My sister, she would make me scream

She always got her kicks being mean

  

I would beg her for a reprieve, I would seek the safety of my mother’s side

Christine would always state with so much pride that she did not touch me

And that I was obviously being extreme

I generally received discipline as I watched her grin

  

When I fought back

When I touched her in response

Screams would come from her

Yells of pain

Lies she would tell

Discipline I would get again

  

As a child she destroyed my innocence in more ways than this

For instructions in sex, I would receive from her

She was the headmaster, and the pupils were my brother and me

I once watched her give a private lesson with glee

The things I learned as I sat in the corner 

The things I learned just her, him, and me

  
  

# 

# The Closet

  

The house burns down

An accident of the biggest kind

A candle had been lit 

It was meant to hide that we were awake

  

Flames dancing on the walls

We were awoken to the horrors

Bad decisions were made

Knowledge not had

Communication not completed

  

If I had known, he would still be alive

If you had spoken to me

If you had thought of me

He would still be alive

He would still breathe

  

I blame you Mom and Dad

You killed him not me

You did not tell me the fire extinguisher replace was complete

The one you accused me of wasting and refused to believe that it was not me

That member of the family killed my Uncle Dick

That member has never come forward and has allowed me to be the accused

In the eyes of our family court, I have always been the convict

  

I dial 911

I do not wait

I repeat my address over and over

I can do nothing else

  

I hear a sound

I see a figure

I watched him burn

I watch him scream

I watch him unable to do anything

  

He wants me to live

He wants me safe

Outside he orders me, and I obey

  

I leave him there

He is unable to move

His legs stopped working years ago

Age has not been his friend

  

Help comes and he is carried to safety

The doctors treat him

  

The doctors care for him

In the hospital he stays, but he never leaves

  

I have a chance to see him

I have a chance to visit

I am denied

  

My opinion has been made for me

My thoughts are made without my consideration

They can’t see him my parents say

Imagine what they would see they say, to the group that formed

We can’t let them see him like that for the last time they say

  

They are congratulated for caring so much for me

They are praised for their care of me

They are praised for their love of me

My parents’ egos are fed, and their smiles are big

They feel so good about themselves as I sit in pain

  
  
  

They do not care and never will, I have never witnessed it

  

They never mention him to me again

They never ask me about him

They never send me to therapy

They act like nothing happened

  

The house needs to be fixed

We rent a spare

I get comfortable in my room

  

My sister Nora comes home from college and my room is her gift

I’m given a closet in the hall, too short for my legs

Piles of my belongings around me

  

I sleep on the ground every day

I beg to sleep on the couch, but I am denied

I beg my mom, and she looks at my dad

The answer does not change

I do not deserve the couch he states

  

# Hopes for the future

  

It was an expectation

It was to be a when 

It was not to be an if

  

In Service of the country

It was considered the highest honor

Everyone’s duty it is, I was taught

  

Brothers, sister, father

All were in the military

It was expected of me

  

I wanted to get ahead

I wanted to lead

I wanted to go into the military

  

I had an idea

I had a plan

I thought it was good

  

I thought I was pure

So, a petition I sent to my family

  

I asked for an education 

I asked for an edge

I asked for a special school

I asked to be sent to an academy

I wanted to be the peak of excellence

  

My parents smile

My parents gleam

I look back now, and it is one of glee

They now know how to get rid of me

  

I was a teen

Always testing the seams

Trying to find my way

Experimented only once and I was caught

Drunk from a friend

Never to do again until a young adult

  

My Mom caught me

There was no discussion

There were no questions

I find out later down the line that I was now a drunkard in her mind

 I hear this straight from her 

I hear it many years later

A drunkard has always been considered a lost cause in my family

Months later though, I learn my fate

Months later I am sent away

A trickery of the worse

A violation of the worst kind

  

I am told they found an academy

One associated with the military

One that will guarantee me a future 

It will even make me a leader

  

I join them on the plane

I join them with glee

I can’t wait to become the person I see

  

We land and then drive

Throughout the Ozarks we go

We stop on the way going place to place

  

First time having catfish, and it was oh so good

I thought we were building memories

My parents seemed so happy

  

We arrive at the door

 We have arrived at the place

I am escorted away to be shown my new place

I am to be shown that which will help be grow

That which will guarantee my place

  

Instead, we reach the room that now brings fear to my mind

The door is locked

I am not going to leave I am told

This is not a place for the military

No, this is a place of “God” only

This is Mountain Park Baptist Boarding Academy

Today you are not leaving Missouri

  

I am here to stay for I have gone astray, they say

A bad child I was, I am told

Parents unhappy with what I did

I just wish they would have treated me like their kid

I wish they would have told me what i did

Before they sent me to this fiery pit of hell

  

# 

# Lost Time

  

A promise not kept.

A love left behind.

I do not know what she knows.

  

We share the same moon.

Yet I sit here, so far away.

The result of tricks of the lowest kind.

The lies brought me here.

  

I hoped for the future, I had a grand plan.

You stole my youth in return for my trust.

It was the last time I allowed you near my heart.

  

You left me there, in that place of brutality.

There are no other words to describe it other than hell.

The closest I can get is to say go watch the “Lord of the Flies” film.

  

Torture.

Sadism.

Beatings.

Anger.

Conformity.

Loss of self.

Obedience.

I have become a robot ready to serve those who command.

  

They called it a school for reform.

It was a place of labor instead.

I learned to survive.

I learned to escape.

I learned to resist.

  

What is a body if the mind is trapped?

What is pain if no one accepts?

Nothing.

They do not exist to those who control one’s life.

It is not allowed to affect my life and the labor I must perform.

The constant pains I felt in my side.

The signs of a kidney damaged by mutations and time.

I was forced to continue when the pain would come. 

Oneself is only of service to them.

One must not anger them.

  

With the essence of the caged animal, I lurked.

I waited.

I plotted.

I found my chance.

I strike and execute the plan.

  

I feel the pain. 

No one knows. 

I will do more, I must do more.

No one knows.

I tore muscles at 15 with a plan to be free.

I have given myself a double hernia.

  

No one knows.

I keep going and do not stop.

We are done with work for the day.

I limp home in joy.

  

One’s body is no longer of use to them and must be repaired.

I am to be sent home to be repaired\!

I am sent home to be repaired\!

I am home to be repaired\!

  

They find more inside me than what I broke of my own hand.

They find that which has lurked for some time.

They find a kidney damaged since birth.

A pain about which I continually complained. 

But was turned away time after time.

  

I can’t be sent back to what they call a school.

I am defective, they say.

I need medical care.

I have finally escaped.

  

A love reunited.

A story explained.

An awkward experience.

Social Cues not taken, among the first clues of my Autism.

A love and friend lost like many others as a result

I lost so much time.

# The Cold

  

The cold…

I fear it

The cold…

I retract from it

The cold… 

I love it

The cold

I embrace it

This dichotomy, it terrorizes me

  

The source is a pain felt long ago

The trigger is the chill on my skin

To feel that chill

To feel the slightest cold on my skin

It brings back memories 

  

These are not memories of the mind

For I cannot control the reactions

  

These are memories of the body

Autonomic reactions that control me and my mind

That is the bind

  

In my memory I await the cold

I stand in the shower stall

I await my instruction

I knowingly await the coming pain

For this is not my first day

  

I know what will happen

I know how it will feel

It has happened before 

It always happens again

  

The water is turned on 

I stand at the ready

They ensure it is cold

They ensure the chill is the same as ice

It is now ready for me

  

I move into the water, and I stand at the ready

I stand under the water

I feel it on my head

I feel it on my body

I feel all my heat leave

I feel the cold take over

  

Soon my head I can feel no more

Time is but a blur

My body feels of ice

I stopped shaking long ago

I feel numb head to toe

  

At some point

At some hour

It is decided I have learned my lesson

Sometimes, if not always, it is just for fun

I will be a good slave once again

I will do what each master has told me

I will obey my elders

  

I am allowed to leave the shower

I am allowed to get dressed

Through the underground concrete building I walk

A chill that can be felt

A chill that acts as the final straw

A chill that has become their final act

  

To this day, to feel this chill brings back memories of the body and spasms of the muscles

The shower was one thing, but the chill of the room is quite another

These memories I cannot send away

His Plaything

  

I am given to him.

A gift from the elders.

I am his to control.

I belong to him now.

  

A crooked smile from one with ill intent.

It was hidden in his air of excellence.

He accepted the responsibility with humility.

  

I was to be taught, and he was my teacher.

I was to learn their ways; I was now his student.

I was to be instructed in the ways of their god.

But after the elders left the room, I learned the dark realities of life.

  

I was his plaything now.

I was his to do with as he pleased.

Like an unholy marriage.

I was his property.

  

I still remember those days.

I still remember the fear.

I still remember the marks.

I still remember the training.

  

My body still bears the scars,

 faded after being so far down the line 

from that point in time.

  

I stand at the ready.

I know the stance.

I must make the right target for him.

I must make him happy.

  

I present my arm.

I present my chest.

I present my body.

I stand at the ready.

  

I plank all day.

I do things I can’t recall.

  

Torture has many aspects.

Torture has many levels.

Torture has many pains.

The bruises accumulate.

  

Some bruises heal,

Some bruises gain extra bruises.

It’s like a drug for him.

  

He can't stop.

He can't resist testing the extremes of my body.

I will not break.

I will not stop.

For I am a machine.

For I am a beast.

I know no limits inside my mind, a gift from my Autism I find out later down the line.

  

He must find the point of no return.

He must find the trick to my mind.

In his excitement he makes a mistake.

He makes a bruise he can’t explain.

Damage that is visible to the elders.

  

I’m not taken away.

I am still his.

Yet, he is thrown against the wall.

Yet, he is choked.

I watch as he is scared for his life.

The fear on his face.

I am happy inside.

  

He was never to touch me again.

He was never to abuse me.

Yet he finds a way.

Yet he does not use his hands.

  

I have already been trained and I know only him.

I now use my own hands in place of his to torture my body.

I now drop to the floor in pain, and I do it from my hand at his command.

He gains pleasure again.

I am his plaything yet again.

  

I yearn for freedom.

I yearn for escape.

I yearn to exist.

# 

# The Fighter

  

The walk through the field 

The pain that awaits 

It never leaves my mind

It runs in a loop

That which is to come

That which will happen soon

  

That day I become the animal which I forever run from

The animal I now fight in daily combat to be free

That which forever stalks me

The thing I become and still feel within

I become the muscle

I become the gun

  

On his command 

I take the kid down

The one who was my friend

On his whim

I throw him to the ground

On his instruction, I make him cry in pain

  

I use my elbows

I use my fist

I use it all while he is under me on the ground

I am the weapon

I am the bullet

I am the gun

And now I have become his goon

  

I laugh as I hear him cry in pain

I laugh as he says my name

I laugh as he asks why and why and why

  

You are my friend he says

How can you do this he pleads

I ignore him as I see my master is pleased

I am trained and I am his

  

When I ponder now

When I reach out with my heart, and I seek that day

I feel only pain

I feel only shame

I run from that which I became that day

# The Kid

  

The kid I beat

The friend I betrayed

He was one of them who took Will’s life that day

He was one of the three

  

He just wanted a friend

He just wanted to belong, and he didn’t want to be afraid

I sometimes ponder

I sometimes think

  

Would Will be alive if not for me

Would he have not gone along

Would my once friend have helped Will

Might he have come to me

If I had not betrayed him that day

  

I make my penance 

I pay my debts to those I owe

I am a friend to all

I am a friend to those turned away

  

All can come

All are safe

I speak for those who can not

I stand for those unable

  

I have since taken a punch

For one who might be dead

I have spoken up as he tried to take her car with her still in it

I drew his attention and his wrath

Blocked every punch he threw

Bruises were in view

My forced training in combat from my soldier brother Aaron as a child came through that day

  

Police were called and she survived

I now fight every day

For all must be saved

# 

# Will

  

Will

Your name I will always keep

  

With love I honor you

With love I cherish you

With sadness I grieve you

  

The only light in our wasteland

The beacon for my happiness in a sea of sadness

You were like me

You did not belong there

  

Your smile was warm.

It could thaw the coldest of hearts.

Your laugh was contagious

None could resist it

Your soul was pure

It could mend the most broken of hearts and it continues to mend mine

Your heart has seen no equal since

  

You were taken too soon

Taken is a word that is too kind for those who stole you

Those who ripped you from our world

Those who called you friend, but held a knife to your neck and a boot to your back

Those who slaughtered you like an innocent lamb

  

You would not do wrong

You would not hurt others

You would do no evil

You could do no evil

That is why they murdered you

  

You couldn't have known it, but your unholy sacrifice would end up saving us all

You are our hero

You are our protector

You are our savior

  

More deaths were prevented

Acts of rape left to thoughts of what ifs and maybes

The plans never got carried out

Your body was a signal that all is not well, and to intervene

  

Everyone is summoned

Police are called

Buildings are shut down

The students are in the dark

  

Where are our friends? This is what we ask

Quiet is the response

Where are our friends once again, we ask?

All our knives are taken away

Where are our friends, we ask impatiently?

Please be quiet they say

Confusion is felt by all

  

The next day I leave to go home

I’m going to get surgery to fix that which I broke

I’m removed from the main group

I’m never to see them all together again

  

The staff prepare me for the worst once I leave

With grief in their hearts, I learn the news

Your friends are gone they say

Only one was a true friend they say

I escape, but Will never does

  

Will, with love I mourn you

Whiplash

  

I step off the plane, home at last

My parents greet me

They seem so happy to see me

Are they truly happy to see me, or is it the machine that money was supposed to make in theory that they seek

  

I stood before them

Garbed in the dress of a gentleman

I presented myself with the air of excellence

I showed that I had learned the bible through and through

I tried for them to see that I was a good kid once again

  

At first it was small

Then it became big

A comment here

A look there

I tried to give them privacy

  

They would argue so bad in front of me

He would berate and my mom would accept

I still hear the voices at night, my room sharing the wall

His anger over her weight, her anger about her existence

  

She was such a bad person to him

She had failed him

She had done him harm

She dared to gain weight

She dared to have medical issues

I would see bruises

  

My family says it was medical, 

She never spoke of it...I never asked

I always felt it was understood to be Don

They only started when things got bad, and the sounds got worse

They never stopped after that

  

I would close the door, a good child I was once again I thought

 I was giving them privacy as I had just been taught

Later a judgment I was handed before any question

She says that one closes a door in front of others only to hide that which they do

“What were you hiding?”, This is what my mom asks.

What bad thing did you do? 

  

A bad child I was again, for I must have been covering up some crime and would not confess.

I just wanted to give them privacy that day

I could do no right in their eyes

  

The sent me to that place of unholy godliness to learn the ways of their god

They sent me to learn the stories

They sent me to learn how to obey

I was never told I was doing bad before I was sent

No complaints to be heard

Now I realize I have and always will be a bad kid in their eyes

I was an object to hate, an object to blame

  

I would recite the words, I would recite the stories, I would recite the scripture.

I would state with pride that which I learned in hopes it would bring them joy

In response I was told “You are wrong\!’

  

In response I am told all I was taught was false.

None of it is to be believed

  

What was I there for, I asked myself?

What was it all for?

Am I so disposable that I can be sent away 

To be taught

To be molded

To become that which you place an order for

Only to realize you did not read the description

You did not know what you did

You did not care to think it through

Now I am tossed aside as a broken toy at the next Christmas

  

I learned to fight

I learned to survive

In that place of horror, I learned lessons many never should

In that place I learned things you never dreamed

In that place I lost a piece of myself and gained another

Forever implanted, unable to be removed

It is almost an animal compulsion

  

I know what must be done,

I must not be sent away again

I study them

I watch them

I lurk

I prowl

I find the key

  

Like the caged animal I strike again

  

This time I use a smile as my weapon

My enemy, those who were my guardians

I cannot let them win

I cannot let them send me away again

  
  

I find that which they love, and it is my love now too

I become a mirror of them

I show them what makes them feel good

I show them that which strokes their ego

I show them that which makes them feel good inside

  

I let them become me

I know the stances

I know the training

I cannot make them mad

I cannot survive making them angry again

  

I only need to do this until I can leave this world

I only need to do this until I leave this town

I only need to do this until I leave this hell

I now travel down a long difficult road while I try to heal

# Abandon

  

This is a story about abandonment

We were taught to abandon

We were taught to leave others behind

Our instructions were thus

  

Poor mental health is most sus

It must be kept away at all costs

Must not let it touch us

A family member can be excised

If the group is to stay safe

It's a small price to pay

  

Discipline is second

Order is a must

If you do not fall in line

If you do not do what you must

You will be sent away

We will abandon you

Shift the problem 

Shift the blame

  

If you expose unsavory facts

You will be expelled

We will not discuss

We will not soul search

We will not be reduced

We can do no wrong

That is what my parents said, and my siblings now have on repeat

  

You are nothing

You do not know

  

Aaron exposes unsavory facts; He makes Don look bad

He exposes Don’s hate

I am taught that he must be expelled

I am taught he is not good

I am taught he is not one of us if he goes against the main man

  

He is pushed away, the more he says

The more he exposes, the more the family hates him

It’s enough to make anyone fray

One night he is even kicked out for daring to give me medical care

For Don had said none shall be given to this one this day despite the constant cries of pain

  
  

And when he breaks

Which he does later down the line

He will be expelled

He will be pushed away

  

I now run, I run and run

When problems arise, I feel overwhelmed

I fight my desire

I fight my response

I dig in deep and try to do what is right

  

I will soul search

I will be reduced

I will be discussed

I will rise from the ashes better than before

I must abandon one more time

I must abandon the old ways

  

# 

# Food is not my friend

  

Food is not my friend

The doctors they make demands

Gain wait they say

Why so thin they ask

 

My mother has no answer

My mother says I should eat

I sit in the doctor's office in a cower

Afraid to speak

Afraid to say

Afraid to be bad

  

We return home to my place of sadness

I walk to the fridge

To observe its contents and incompatible food abounds

Many allergies they say I had

  

Before life with Don

I was given goats milk back then

I was given food I could consume

I was cared for back then

  

Now I look, and look

I wish we had goats’ milk once again

But Don refuses in disdain

It is disgusting

It will not be in his domain

  

I look for leftovers

I see only food claimed by Don

Clear instructions given to me

Instructions to not consume

He must have food for his work

How else will he be sustained throughout the day?

He has such an important job

That is his claim

  

I go to cook a meal that I would like to enjoy

I would like to eat, and I would like to make it

For Happiness I feel when I cook a meal

  

Don comes home

Sadness engulfs

Hate fills the house

Siblings left long ago

No witnesses to his torment

No witnesses save two

Mom and brother

They are the only one who know the truth

  

Smells abound from the meal enjoyed

The meal I prepared not long ago with joy

Anger is what I receive

Why have you stunk up my domain?

You dishonor me

You know I don’t like to smell anything not ordinary

  

Fish was the worst

Memories of Vietnam he said they brought

Hatred of Asians I would often hear

He hates the smell because he hates the place

A part of him never left that place

A part of him is still there today

He is so angry 

There is a reason he is diagnosed with PTSD

  

As the days go on, I eat each meal.

As my days go on, I want to snack

I want to eat more than the meal

I want to have something sweet

I want to eat something savory

I wish they were good memories

  

Instead, I look back along the line and what do I see

I see a young child huddled in the dark

Hiding their meal

Hiding what they found

Canned fruit abounds

Canned fruit has no smells

Canned fruit is my refuge

  

They think it’s cute

They think is funny

I eat fruit when I get hungry 

I eat the cans each day

  

I return to the doctors many other days

The question and statements never change

Why have you not gained weight he exclaims

It is a mystery is my mom’s reply

I hang my head and say I’m sorry

I say I will try to eat more

  

# 

# High Hopes

  

I waited at the bus stop.

My destination is the mountains I call home, away from this land of civility.

My day is over.

  

Daily I must venture into the city, I must receive an education.

I wait, I wait, and I wait, for we have no way to know where the bus may be.

A car pulls up with smiles for all and trust in their tongues.

  

A question is asked. 

A statement is made.

A proposition is given.

An agreement has been reached.

A journey begins.

Weeks later I now step off a different bus in a different state.

  

Chicago is cold, Seattle was warm. 

I’m hit in the face by the Great Lakes freeze.

The differences astound me.

I remember the last time I saw the world through the eyes of a child.

Before I was in this place of awe and fear.

Before I entered the US Navy boot camp.

  

This time was full of sights and wishes, and I was guided by constant might.

It seems like just yesterday.

With faith I leap.

With hope I step.

With fear I have departed.

In safety I feel despite the endless nights in this world I have entered.

  

A sailor, I will be made.

A fight I will take.

A war I will win.

A battle I will fight.

A sailor I must and will become\!

  

# 

# I wanted to love you loco parentis

  

I always loved you with all my heart

I was told I was wrong by siblings

I wanted you to be my father

I was told I was causing them harm

  

I wanted to be a part of your family

I was told to watch my step

I wanted to belong

I was held back

  

I was cornered by my sister with my brother as the muscle

I was lectured by them both

I was told he was not my dad

He would not and could not replace him any day

That is what my blood siblings would say

  

Dad, that was them that you would see after that day 

That was them when I communicated with you

I had to keep up the show

I had to keep up the charade

I did not know what else to do

  

I had yet to learn to think for myself,

This however does not occur until many more years down the line

 

David may have been my father, but he was not my dad

The man who created me

He exists only in terms of genetics

And the faintest of memories

Some of them filled with unease

While others are full of glee

  

This man, Don, who I loved was the only dad I had

But they held to what was their view

I was never allowed to live life anew

Forced to feed on their pain

Driven away from the family I tried to claim

  

I wanted to hold you

But my arms were held against the wall

I wanted you to be my dad

But they threatened me and forced my will

  

I always remembered you

I always cared for you

When in the Navy out at sea

I thought of you occasionally

It was rough in my youth,

With so much anger

But it was better before you got mad

It was better before you got sad

It was better before, but not for long

  

Regardless you were my dad

You raised me and clothed me

You gave me a home even if it was rough

  

An unstoppable force meets an unmovable wall

The Navy wouldn’t let me call you my dad

They made me call you a friend in my forms

I fought back and I fought hard

It was the first time I felt the fire I feel when I need to fix a wrong

  

I pushed back and I said he is my dad

They would not relent, and I would not give

  

We find a way, we find a word

loco parentis

It means, “in place of a parent”

It's perfect because you were responsible for me

  
  

You messed it up, but we all screw up 

There is no manual

I understand that now

It was the Vietnam war

I act the same way with my PTSD

After serving in the last war

  

After I came home from the Navy

We had a smoke, and you taught me a thing

I learned how blow a smoke ring

  

You tried and asked for forgiveness later

For the things in my youth, and I said yes

I could not say no, not back then

I always had to say yes before I found my own way

  

I will never fully forgive you for the hell you gave me

The hell that is my mind every day

I will never forgive you for the life in the closet

  

I will forever blame you for many things especially his death

But it was my dad who did those things to me 

It was not just some stranger

And that somehow makes it better

I love you loco parentis

Is it a skate?

  

The sunny day, blinding the eyes of those who have seen little light. 

The Florida Panhandle shows its best side, as we jostle with our gear.

Sand in our toes.

Water in our hair.

Relief in our minds.

  

We are now preparing for the main event.

Some watch, some participate.

Hooks in the water, but nothing to bring up.

Click, click, click, is the sound we hear as we partake.

The light has reached its fulcrum, the joy begins to wane.

  

A sudden strain.

A tug and a bending of the rod.

What has our hook brought us today?

It is revealed.

  

The tail of a skate hooked through and through.

  

We laugh, and joke, a bit of fear is felt of the unknown by all.

We cut the line out of fear and hope.

The skate goes on to live and grow.

Refreshed.

Back to base we head, ready for a new day.

  
  
  
  

  
  
