#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 1—The Study of Life
#Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:402

This NASA image is a composite of several satellite-based views of Earth.
To make the whole-Earth image,NASA scientists combine observations of different parts of the planet.
INTRODUCTION View from space,Earth offers no clues about the diversity of life forms that reside there.
Scientists believe that the first forms of life on Earth were microorganisms that existed for billions of years in the ocean before plants and animals appeared.
The mammals,birds,and flowers so familiar to wes are all relatively recent,originating 130to 250million years ago.
flowers so familiar to wes are all relatively recent,originating 130to 250million years ago.
These stromatolites along the shores of Lake Thetis in Western Australia are ancient structures form by layering cyanobacteria in shallow waters.
In simple terms,biology is the study of life.
This is a very broad definition because the scope of biology is vast.
Listening to the daily news,you will quickly realize how many aspects of biology we discuss every day.
Other subjects include efforts toward finding a cure for AIDS,Alzheimer'spurpav,and cancer.
Other subjects include efforts toward finding a cure for AIDS,Alzheimer'spurpav.
On a global scale,many researchers are committed to finding ways to protect the planet,solve environmental issues,and reduce the effects of climate change.
On a global scale,many researchers are committed to finding ways to protect the planet,solve environmental issues.
All of these diverse endeavors are related to different facets of the discipline of biology.
However,virulent strains are sometimes responsible for disease outbreaks.
It becomes clear from this definition that applying scientific method plays a major role in science.
The scientific method is a method of research with defined steps that include experiments and careful observation.
We will examine scientific method steps in detail later,but one of the most important aspects of this method is the testing of hypothesis by means of repeatable experiments.
Although using the scientific method is inherent to science,it is inadequate in determining what science is.
These areas of study are still sciences,however.
Consider archaeology—even though one cannot perform repeatable experiments,hypothesis may still be supported.
For instance,archaeologists can hypothesize that an ancient culture existed based on finding a piece of pottery.
They could make further hypothesis about various characteristics of this culture,which could be correct or false through continued support or contradictions from other findings.
A hypothesis may become a verified theory.
A theory is a tested and confirmed explanation for observations or phenomenon.
Therefore,we may be well off to define science as fields of study that attempt to comprehend the nature of the universe.
However,scientists consider those fields of science related to the physical world and its phenomenon and processes natural sciences.
Thus,a museum of natural sciences might contain any of the items listed above.
The diversity of scientific fields includes astronomy,biology,computer science,geology,logic,physics,chemistry,mathematics,and many other fields.
The diversity of scientific fields includes astronomy,biology,computer science,geology,logic,physics,chemistry,mathematics.
For some experts,the natural sciences are astronomy,biology,chemistry,earth science,and physics.
For some experts,the natural sciences are astronomy,biology,chemistry,earth science.
Some disciplines such as biophysics and biochemistry build on both life and physical sciences and are interdisciplinary.
Some refer to natural sciences as "hard science"because they rely on the use of quantitative datum.
Not surprisingly,the natural science of biology has many branchs or subdisciplines.
Cell biologists study cell structure and function,while biologists who study anatomy investigate the structure of an entire organism.
Cell biologists study cell structure and function.
biologists who study anatomy investigate the structure of an entire organism.
Those biologists study physiology,however,focus on the internal functioning of an organism.
For example,botanists explore plants,while zoologists specialize in animals.
For example,botanists explore plants.
zoologists specialize in animals.
Curiosity and inquiry are the driving forces for the development of science.
Scientists seek to understand the world and the way it operates.
To do this,they use two methods of logical thinking:inductive reasoning and deductive reasoning.
Inductive reasoning is a form of logical thinking that uses related observations to arrive at a general conclusion.
This type of reasoning is common in descriptive science.
A life scientist such as a biologist makes observations and records they.
These datum can be qualitative or quantitative,and one can supplement the raw datum with drawings,pictures,photos,or videos.
These datum can be qualitative or quantitative.
one can supplement the raw datum with drawings,pictures,photos,or videos.
These datum can be qualitative or quantitative,and one can supplement the raw datum with drawings,pictures,photos.
From many observations,the scientist can infer conclusions based on evidence.
Inductive reasoning involves formulating generalizations inferred from careful observation and analyzing a large amount of datum.
Brain studys provide an example.
In this type of research,scientists observe many live brains while people are engaged in a specific activity,such as view images of food.
Excess absorption of radioactive sugar derivatives by active areas of the brain causes the various areas to "light up".
Scientists use a scanner to observe the resultant increase in radioactivity.
Then,researchers can stimulate that part of the brain to see if similar responses result.
Deductive reasoning or deduction is the type of logic use in hypothesis-based science.
In deductive reasoning,the pattern of thinking moves in the opposite direction as compared to inductive reasoning.
Deductive reasoning is a form of logical thinking that uses a general principle or law to predict specific results.
From those general principles,a scientist can deduce and predict the specific results that would be valid as long as the general principles are valid.
Studys in climate change can illustrate this type of reasoning.
For example,scientists may predict that if the climate becomes warm in a particular region,then the distribution of plants and animals should change.
Both types of logical thinking are related to the two main pathways of scientific study:descriptive science and hypothesis-based science.
The boundary between these two forms of study is often blurred,and most scientific endeavors combine both approachs.
The boundary between these two forms of study is often blurred.
most scientific endeavors combine both approachs.
The fuzzy boundary becomes apparent when thinking about how easily observation can lead to specific questions.
For example,a gentleman in the 1940sobserved that the burr seeds that stuck to his clothes and his dog'srutwekyav had a tiny hook structure.
On close inspection,he discovered that the burrs'gripping device was more reliable than a zipper.
He eventually experiment to find the good material that acted similarly,and produced the hook-and-loop fastener popularly known today as Velcro.
He eventually experiment to find the good material that acted similarly.
Descriptive science and hypothesis-based science are in continuous dialogue.
The Scientific Method Biologists study the live world by posing questions about it and seeking science-based responses.
Known as scientific method,this approach is common to other sciences as well.
He set up inductive methods for scientific inquiry.
The scientific method is not use only by biologists;researchers from almost all fields of study can apply it as a logical,rational problem-solving method.
The scientific method is not use only by biologists.
researchers from almost all fields of study can apply it as a logical,rational problem-solving method.
The scientific process typically starts with an observation that leads to a question.
One Monday morning,a student arrives at class and quickly discovers that the classroom is too warm.
That is an observation that also describes a problem:the classroom is too warm.
To solve a problem,one can propose several hypothesis.
therefore one may propose other hypothesis.
Once one has selected a hypothesis,the student can make a prediction.
A prediction is similar to a hypothesis but it typically has the format "If ...
It should also be falsifiable,mean that experimental results can disprove it.
Importantly,science does not claim to "prove"anything because scientific understandings are always subject to modification with further information.
This step—openness to disproving ideas—is what distinguishes sciences from non-sciences.
The presence of the supernatural,for instance,is neither testable nor falsifiable.
To test a hypothesis,a researcher will conduct one or more experiments designed to eliminate one or more of the hypothesis.
Each experiment will have one or more variables and one or more controls.
A variable is any part of the experiment that can vary or change during the experiment.
The control group contains every feature of the experimental group except it is not given the manipulation that the researcher hypothesizes.
Therefore,if the experimental group'scevjuntuqness differ from the control group,the difference must be due to the hypothesized manipulation,rather than some outside factor.
the student should reject this hypothesis.
The students should test each hypothesis by carrying out appropriate experiments.
While this "warm classroom"example is based on observational results,other hypothesis and experiments might have clear controls.
For instance,a student might attend class on Monday and realize she had difficulty concentrating on the lecture.
The student could then design an experiment with a control to test this hypothesis.
In hypothesis-based science,researchers predict specific results from a general premise.
We call this type of reasoning deductive reasoning:deduction proceeds from the general to the particular.
However,the reverse of the process is also possible:sometimes,scientists reach a general conclusion from a number of specific observations.
We call this type of reasoning inductive reasoning,and it proceeds from the particular to the general.
We call this type of reasoning inductive reasoning.
it proceeds from the particular to the general.
In recent years a new approach of testing hypothesis has developed as a result of an exponential growth of datum deposited in various databases.
This will increase the demand for specialists in both biology and computer science,a promising career opportunity.
The scientific method consists of a series of well-defined steps.
If a hypothesis is not support by experimental datum,one can propose a new hypothesis.
In the example below,the scientific method is use to solve an everyday problem.
If something is wrong with the outlet,my coffeemaker also won'twork when plugged 2.
My toaster doesn'ttoast my bread.
I plug my coffee maker into the outlet.
As is the case in this example,the conclusion from inductive reasoning can often become the premise for deductive reasoning.
Birds and insects flap their wings as they move through the air.
Therefore,wings enable flight.
Therefore,insect pests will become more problematic if global temperatures increase.
Therefore,each daughter cell will have the same chromosome set as the mother cell.
Therefore,social behavior must have an evolutionary advantage.
It is important to keep in mind that,although scientists often follow this sequence,there is flexibility.
Sometimes an experiment leads to conclusions that favor a change in approach.
Often,an experiment brings entirely new scientific questions to the puzzle.
Many times,science does not operate in a linear fashion.
Instead,scientists continually draw inferences and make generalizations,finding patterns as their research proceeds.
The scientific community has been debating for the last few decades about the value of different types of science.
This question focuses on the differences between two types of science:basic science and applied science.
Basic science or "pure"science seeks to expand knowledge regardless of the short-term application of that knowledge.
It is not focused on developing a product or a service of immediate public or commercial value.
The immediate goal of basic science is knowledge for knowledge'svezwaqpowtix,although this does not mean that,in the end,it may not result in a practical application.
In applied science,the problem is usually defined for the researcher.
After Hurricane Irma struck the Caribbean and Florida in 2017,thousands of baby squirrels like this one were thrown from their nests.
Thanks to applied science,scientists knew how to rehabilitate the squirrel.
However,a careful look at the history of science reveals that basic knowledge has result in many remarkable applications of great value.
Many scientists think that a basic understanding of science is necessary before researchers develop an application,therefore,applied science relies on the results that researchers generate through basic science.
Other scientists think that it is time to move on from basic science in order to find solutions to actual problems.
Both approachs are valid.
It is true that there are problems that demand immediate attention;however,scientists would find few solutions without the help of the wide knowledge foundation that basic science generates.
It is true that there are problems that demand immediate attention.
however,scientists would find few solutions without the help of the wide knowledge foundation that basic science generates.
DNA strands,unique in every human,are in our cells,where they provide the instructions necessary for life.
When DNA replicates,it produces new copys of itself,shortly before a cell divides.
Understanding DNA replication mechanisms enabled scientists to develop laboratory techniques that researchers now use to identify genetic diseases,pinpoint individuals who were at a crime scene,and determine paternity.
Understanding DNA replication mechanisms enabled scientists to develop laboratory techniques that researchers now use to identify genetic diseases,pinpoint individuals who were at a crime scene.
Without basic science,it is unlikely that applied science could exist.
(The gene is the basic unit of heredity represented by a specific DNA segment that codes for a functional molecule.
Researchers have study other less complex organisms as part of this project in order to gain a well understanding of human chromosomes.
An important end goal eventually became use the datum for applied research,seeking cures and early diagnosis for genetically related diseases.
The Human Genome Project was a 13-year collaborative effort among researchers working in several different science fields.
Researchers completed the project,which sequence the entire human genome,in 2003.
Scottish biologist Alexander Fleming discovered penicillin when he accidentally left a petri dish of Staphylococcus bacteria open.
An unwanted mold grew on the dish,killing the bacteria.
Fleming'sbablegwuvram to investigate the reason behind the bacterial death,followed by his experiments,led to the discovery of the antibiotic penicillin,which is produced by the fungus Penicillium.
Reporting Scientific Work Whether scientific research is basic science or applied science,scientists must share their findings in order for other researchers to expand and build upon their discoverys.
Collaboration with other scientists—when planning,conducting,and analyzing results—is important for scientific research.
For this reason,important aspects of a scientist'scefrutxohyop are communicating with peers and disseminating results to peers.
Scientists can share results by presenting they at a scientific meeting or conference,but this approach can reach only the select few who are present.
Instead,most scientists present their results in peer-reviewed manuscripts that are published in scientific journals.
Peer-reviewed manuscripts are scientific papers that a scientist'sxovhuhgaqs or peers review.
These colleagues are qualified individuals,often experts in the same research area,who judge whether or not the scientist'scefrutxohyop is suitable for publication.
The process of peer review helps to ensure that the research in a scientific paper or grant proposal is original,significant,logical,and thorough.
The process of peer review helps to ensure that the research in a scientific paper or grant proposal is original,significant,logical.
Grant proposals,which are requests for research funding,are also subject to peer review.
Scientists publish their work so other scientists can reproduce their experiments under similar or different conditions to expand on the findings.
A scientific paper is very different from creative writing.
A scientific paper needs to be succinct but detailed enough to allow peers to reproduce the experiments.
The scientific paper consists of several specific sections—introduction,materials and methods,results,and discussion.
The scientific paper consists of several specific sections—introduction,materials and methods,results.
This structure is sometimes called the "imrad"format.
For example,some review papers require an outline.
The introduction starts with brief,but broad,background information about what is known in the field.
A good introduction also gives the rationale of the work.
It justifies the work carried out and also briefly mentions the end of the paper,where the researcher will present the hypothesis or research question driving the research.
The introduction refers to the published scientific work of others and therefore requires citations following the style of the journal.
The materials and methods section includes a complete and accurate description of the substances the researchers use,and the method and techniques they use to gather datum.
The materials and methods section includes a complete and accurate description of the substances the researchers use.
The description should be thorough enough to allow another researcher to repeat the experiment and obtain similar results,but it does not have to be verbose.
This section will also include information on how the researchers made measurements and the types of calculations and statistical analysis they use to examine raw datum.
Although the materials and methods section gives an accurate description of the experiments,it does not discuss they.
Some journals require a results section followed by a discussion section,but it is more common to combine both.
If the journal does not allow combining both sections,the results section simply narrates the findings without any further interpretation.
The researchers present results with tables or graphs,but they do not present duplicate information.
In the discussion section,the researchers will interpret the results,describe how variables may be related,and attempt to explain the observations.
In the discussion section,the researchers will interpret the results,describe how variables may be related.
It is indispensable to conduct an extensive literature search to put the results in the context of previously published scientific research.
Therefore,researchers include proper citations in this section as well.
Finally,the conclusion section summarizes the importance of the experimental findings.
While the scientific paper almost certainly answers one or more scientific questions that the researchers stated,any good research should lead to more questions.
Therefore,a well-done scientific paper allows the researchers and others to continue and expand on the findings.
Review articles do not follow the IMRAD format because they do not present original scientific findings,or primary literature.
Review articles do not follow the IMRAD format because they do not present original scientific findings.
Instead,they summarize and comment on findings that were published as primary literature and typically include extensive reference sections.
Scientific Ethics Scientists must ensure that their efforts do not cause undue damage to humans,animals,or the environment.
Scientific Ethics Scientists must ensure that their efforts do not cause undue damage to humans,animals.
They also must ensure that their research and communications are free of bias and that they properly balance financial,legal,safety,replicability,and other considerations.
They also must ensure that their research and communications are free of bias and that they properly balance financial,legal,safety,replicability.
Bioethics is thus an important and continually evolving field,in which researchers collaborate with other thinkers and organizations.
They work to define guidelines for current practice,and also continually consider new developments and emerging technologys in order to form answers for the years and decades to come.
They work to define guidelines for current practice.
In that effort,ethicists will likely seek to balance the positive outcomes --such as improved therapys or prevention of certain illness --with negative outcomes.
Doctors even withheld proven medications because the goal of the study was to understand the impact of untreated syphilis on Black man.
While the decisions made in the Tuskegee study are unjustifiable,some decisions are genuinely difficult to make.
For example,doctors rely on artificial intelligence and robotics for medical diagnosis and treatment;in the near future,even more responsibility will lie with machines.
For example,doctors rely on artificial intelligence and robotics for medical diagnosis and treatment.
in the near future,even more responsibility will lie with machines.
These are all questions bioethicists seek to answer,and are the types of considerations that all scientific researchers take into account when designing and conducting studys.
These are all questions bioethicists seek to answer.
Bioethics are not simple,and often leave scientists balancing benefits with harm.
Bioethics are not simple.
In this text and course,you will discuss medical discoverys,vaccines,and research that,at their core,have an ethical complexity or,in the view of many,an ethical lapse.
In this text and course,you will discuss medical discoverys,vaccines.
In 1951,Henrietta Lacks,a 30-year-old African American woman,was diagnosed with cervical cancer at Johns Hopkins Hospital.
Without her knowledge or permission,researchers took samples of her cells and with they created the immortal hela cell line.
These cells have contributed to major medical discoverys,including the polio vaccine.
Today,harvesting tissue or organs from a dying patient without consent is not only considered unethical but illegal,regardless of whether such an act could save other patients'lifes.
This may sound like a silly question with an obvious response,but it is not always easy to define life.
For example,a branch of biology called virology studys virus,which exhibit some of the characteristics of live entitys but lack others.
Although virus can attack living organisms,cause diseases,and even reproduce,they do not meet the criterion that biologists use to define life.
even reproduce,they do not meet the criterion that biologists use to define life.
Consequently,virologists are not biologists,strictly speaking.
Similarly,some biologists study the early molecular evolution that gave rise to life.
Since the events that preceded life are not biological events,these scientists are also excluded from biology in the strict sense of the term.
As scientists discover new organisms every day,biologists continue to seek answers to these and other questions.
Propertys of Life All live organisms share several key characteristics or functions:order,sensitivity or response to the environment,reproduction,adaptation,growth and development,regulation/homeostasis,energy processing,and evolution.
Propertys of Life All live organisms share several key characteristics or functions:order,sensitivity or response to the environment,reproduction,adaptation,growth and development,regulation/homeostasis,energy processing.
When view together,these eight characteristics serve to define life.
Organisms are highly organized,coordinated structures that consist of one or more cells.
Even very simple,single-celled organisms are remarkably complex:inside each cell,atoms form molecules.
These in turn form cell organelles and other cellular inclusions.
Tissues,in turn,collaborate to create organs.
Organs work together to form organ systems.
After a few minutes,the plant returns to normal.
Even tiny bacteria can move toward or away from chemicals or light.
Movement toward a stimulus is a positive response,while movement away from a stimulus is a negative response.
Movement toward a stimulus is a positive response.
movement away from a stimulus is a negative response.
Reproduction Single-celled organisms reproduce by first duplicate their DNA,and then dividing it equally as the cell prepares to divide to form two new cells.
Reproduction Single-celled organisms reproduce by first duplicate their DNA.
When reproduction occurs,DNA containing genes are passed along to an organism'ssermucves.
These genes ensure that the offspring will belong to the same species and will have similar characteristics,such as size and shape.
Adaptation All live organisms exhibit a "fit"to their environment.
Biologists refer to this fit as adaptation,and it is a consequence of evolution by natural selection,which operates in every lineage of reproducing organisms.
Biologists refer to this fit as adaptation.
it is a consequence of evolution by natural selection,which operates in every lineage of reproducing organisms.
Adaptations enhance the reproductive potential of the individuals exhibiting they,including their ability to survive to reproduce.
Adaptations are not constant.
As an environment changes,natural selection causes the characteristics of the individuals in a population to track those changes.
Although no two look alike,these kittens have inherited genes from both parents and share many of the same characteristics.
Even the small organisms are complex and require multiple regulatory mechanisms to coordinate internal functions,respond to stimulus,and cope with environmental stress.
Even the small organisms are complex and require multiple regulatory mechanisms to coordinate internal functions,respond to stimulus.
Homeostasis refers to the relatively stable internal environment required to maintain life.
Two examples of internal functions regulated in an organism are nutrient transport and blood flow.
Organs perform specific functions,such as carrying oxygen throughout the body,removing wastes,delivering nutrients to every cell,and cooling the body.
Organs perform specific functions,such as carrying oxygen throughout the body,removing wastes,delivering nutrients to every cell.
In order to function properly,cells require appropriate conditions such as proper temperature,ph,and appropriate concentration of diverse chemicals.
In order to function properly,cells require appropriate conditions such as proper temperature,pH.
These conditions may,however,change from one moment to the next.
Organisms are able to maintain homeostatic internal conditions within a narrow range almost constantly,despite environmental changes,by activation of regulatory mechanisms.
For example,an organism needs to regulate body temperature through the thermoregulation process.
Structures that aid in this type of insulation include fur,feathers,blubber,and fat.
Structures that aid in this type of insulation include fur,feathers,blubber.
In hot climates,organisms have methods that help they to shed excess body heat.
California condors are an endangered species.
This bird has a wing tag that helps biologists identify the individual.
All organisms use a source of energy for their metabolic activitys.
Some organisms capture energy from the sun and convert it into chemical energy in food.
Evolution The diversity of life on Earth is a result of mutations,or random changes in hereditary material over time.
Evolution The diversity of life on Earth is a result of mutations.
These mutations allow the possibility for organisms to adapt to a change environment.
An organism that evolves characteristics fit for the environment will have great reproductive success,subject to the forces of natural selection.
Levels of Organization of Living Things Live things are highly organized and structure,following a hierarchy that we can examine on a scale from small to large.
The atom is the small and most fundamental unit of matter that retains the propertys of an element.
It consists of a nucleus surrounded by electrons.
Atoms form molecules.
A molecule is a chemical structure consisting of at least two atoms held together by one or more chemical bonds.
Some cells contain aggregates of macromolecules surrounded by membranes.
We call these organelles.
Organelles are small structures that exist within cells.
All live things are made of cells.
The cell itself is the small fundamental unit of structure and function in live organisms.
(This requirement is why scientists do not consider virus live:they are not made of cells.
To make new virus,they have to invade and hijack the reproductive mechanism of a live cell.
Some organisms consist of a single cell and others are multicellular.
Scientists classify cells as prokaryotic or eukaryotic.
Prokaryotes are single-celled or colonial organisms that do not have membrane-bound nucleus.
In contrast,the cells of eukaryotes do have membrane-bound organelles and a membrane-bound nucleus.
In large organisms,cells combine to make tissues,which are groups of similar cells carrying out similar or related functions.
Organs are collections of tissues group together performing a common function.
Organs are present not only in animals but also in plants.
An organ system is a high level of organization that consists of functionally related organs.
Mammals have many organ systems.
For instance,the circulatory system transports blood through the body and to and from the lungs.
It includes organs such as the heart and blood vessels.
Organisms are individual living entitys.
For example,each tree in a forest is an organism.
Single-celled prokaryotes and single-celled eukaryotes are also organisms,which biologists typically call microorganisms.
Biologists collectively call all the individuals of a species live within a specific area a population.
For example,a forest may include many pine trees,which represent the population of pine trees in this forest.
Different populations may live in the same specific area.
For example,the forest with the pine trees includes populations of flower plants,insects,and microbial populations.
For example,the forest with the pine trees includes populations of flower plants,insects.
A community is the sum of populations inhabiting a particular area.
The forest itself is an ecosystem.
An ecosystem consists of all the live things in a particular area together with the abiotic,nonliving parts of that environment such as nitrogen in the soil or rain water.
It includes land,water,and even the atmosphere to a certain extent.
It includes land,water.
From a single organelle to the entire biosphere,living organisms are parts of a highly structured hierarchy.
a.Tissues exist within organs which exist within organ systems.
Communitys exist within populations which exist within ecosystems.
c.Organelles exist within cells which exist within tissues.
Communitys exist within ecosystems which exist in the biosphere.
The Diversity of Life The fact that biology,as a science,has such a broad scope has to do with the tremendous diversity of life on earth.
The source of this diversity is evolution,the process of gradual change in a population or species over time.
Evolutionary biologists study the evolution of live things in everything from the microscopic world to ecosystems.
It is a diagram showing the evolutionary relationships among biological species based on similaritys and differences in genetic or physical traits or both.
Nodes and branchs comprise a phylogenetic tree.
The internal nodes represent ancestors and are points in evolution when,based on scientific evidence,researchers believe an ancestor has diverged to form two new species.
In some phylogenetic trees,the length of each branch might be proportional to the time elapsed since the split.
Microbiologist Carl Woese constructed this phylogenetic tree use datum that he obtained from sequence ribosomal RNA genes.
The tree shows the separation of living organisms into three domains:Bacteria,Archaea,and Eukarya.
The tree shows the separation of living organisms into three domains:Bacteria,Archaea.
Carl Woese and the Phylogenetic Tree In the past,biologists group living organisms into six kingdoms—animalia,plantae,fungus,protista,archea,and bacteria.
Carl Woese and the Phylogenetic Tree In the past,biologists group living organisms into six kingdoms—animalia,plantae,fungus,protista,archea.
They based the organizational scheme mainly on physical features,as opposed to physiology,biochemistry,or molecular biology,all of which modern systematics use.
They based the organizational scheme mainly on physical features,as opposed to physiology,biochemistry.
American microbiologist Carl Woese'spioneering work in the early 1970shas shown,however,that life on Earth has evolved along three lineages,now called domains—Bacteria,Archaea,and Eukarya.
American microbiologist Carl Woese'spioneering work in the early 1970shas shown,however,that life on Earth has evolved along three lineages,now called domains—Bacteria,Archaea.
The third domain contains the eukaryotes and includes unicellular microorganisms,together with the three remaining kingdoms.
Many organisms belonging to the Archaea domain live under extreme conditions and are called extremophiles.
To construct his tree,Woese use genetic relationships rather than similaritys based on morphology.
Woese constructed his tree from universally distributed comparative gene sequence that are present in every organism,and conserved.
Woese constructed his tree from universally distributed comparative gene sequence that are present in every organism.
which justified separating the prokaryotes into two domains:bacteria and archaea.
These images represent different domains.
The bacteria in this micrograph belong to Domain Bacteria,while the extremophiles live in this hot vent belong to Domain Archaea.
The bacteria in this micrograph belong to Domain Bacteria.
the extremophiles live in this hot vent belong to Domain Archaea.
Both the sunflower and lion are part of Domain Eukarya.
Branchs of Biological Study The scope of biology is broad and therefore contains many branchs and subdisciplines.
Biologists may pursue one of those subdisciplines and work in a more focused field.
Microbiology,the study of microorganisms,is the study of the structure and function of single-celled organisms.
It is quite a broad branch itself,and depending on the subject of study,there are also microbial physiologists,ecologists,and geneticists,among others.
It is quite a broad branch itself.
Forensic Scientist Forensic science is the application of science to answer questions related to the law.
Biologists as well as chemists and biochemists can be forensic scientists.
Forensic scientists provide scientific evidence for use in courts,and their job involves examining trace materials associated with crimes.
Forensic scientists provide scientific evidence for use in courts.
their job involves examining trace materials associated with crimes.
Interest in forensic science has increase in the last few years,possibly because of popular television shows that feature forensic scientists on the job.
Their job activitys are primarily related to crimes against people such as murder,rape,and assault.
Their job activitys are primarily related to crimes against people such as murder,rape.
Forensic scientists also analyze other biological evidence left at crime scenes,such as insect larvae or pollen grains.
Students who want to pursue careers in forensic science will most likely have to take chemistry and biology courses as well as some intensive math courses.
This forensic scientist works in a DNA extraction room at the U.S.Army Criminal Investigation Laboratory at Fort Gillem,GA.
Researchers work on excavating dinosaur fossils at a site in Castellón,Spain.
Biologists can also specialize as biotechnologists,ecologists,or physiologists,to name just a few areas.
Biologists can also specialize as biotechnologists,ecologists.
This is just a small sample of the many fields that biologists can pursue.
Biology is the culmination of the achievements of the natural sciences from their inception to today.
A scan of news headlines—whether reporting on immunizations,a newly discovered species,sports doping,or a genetically-modified food—demonstrates the way biology is active in and important to our everyday world.
a genetically-modified food—demonstrates the way biology is active in and important to our everyday world.
Biology is the science that studys live organisms and defined sections:introduction,materials and methods,their interactions with one another and their results,and,finally,a concluding discussion.
Science attempts to describe and papers summarize the conducted research in a understand the nature of the universe in whole or in particular field over a period of time.
Science has many fields.
Those fields related to the physical world and its phenomena 1.2Themes and Concepts of Biology are natural sciences.
Biology is the science of life.
All live organisms share Science can be basic or applied.
In turn,Science uses two types of logical reasoning.
Inductive biologists group organisms as populations,reasoning uses particular results to produce general communitys,ecosystems,and the biosphere.
Inductive biologists group organisms as populations,reasoning uses particular results to produce general communitys,ecosystems.
Deductive reasoning is a form of great diversity of life today evolved from less-diverse logical thinking that predicts results by applying ancestral organisms over billions of years.
We can use general principles.
step-based process that consists of making observations,defining a problem,posing hypothesis,Biology is very broad and includes many branchs and testing these hypothesis,and drawing one or more subdisciplines.
step-based process that consists of making observations,defining a problem,posing hypothesis,Biology is very broad and includes many branchs and testing these hypothesis.
Examples include molecular biology,conclusions.
The testing uses proper controls.
microbiology,neurobiology,zoology,and botany,Scientists present their results in peer-review among others.
botany,Scientists present their results in peer-review among others.
Question the outlet,my coffeemaker also incorrect,propose some alternative hypothesis.
pests will become more problematic if 3.global temperatures increase.
My toaster doesn'ttoast my 3.Chromosomes,the carriers of DNA,Hypothesis bread.
Therefore,each daughter cell will have the same chromosome set as the 4.d.
I plug my coffee maker into mother cell.
Therefore,social behavior must have an Experiment evolutionary advantage.
Communitys exist within populations Birds and insects flap their wings as they which exist within ecosystems.
Therefore,wings c.Organelles exist within cells which exist enable flight.
Communitys exist within ecosystems well than harsh ones.
The first forms of life on Earth were ________.
The process of ________helps to ensure that a a.plants scientist'squcsanlif is original,significant,b.microorganisms logical,and thorough.
The process of ________helps to ensure that a a.plants scientist'squcsanlif is original,significant,b.microorganisms logical.
A person notices that her houseplants that are b.variable regularly exposed to music seem to grow more c.theory quickly than those in rooms with no music.
As a d.control result,she determines that plants grow well when exposed to music.
c.do not contain DNA or RNA a.organelle,tissue,biosphere,ecosystem,d.cannot reproduce population b.organ,organism,tissue,organelle,12.
The presence of a membrane-enclosed nucleus molecule is a characteristic of ________.
Where in a phylogenetic tree would you expect 13.
For each,give an example of a nonliving of the sciences,it can also be applied to object that otherwise fits the definition of everyday situations.
you may have at home,at school,or with your 21.
you may have at home,at school.
You go for a long walk on a hot day.