#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 3—Biological Macromolecules
#Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:555

INTRODUCTION Food provides the body with the nutrients it needs to survive.
Different small organic molecule combinations build these macromolecules.
We explore these questions in this chapter.
As you'velearned,biological macromolecules are large molecules,necessary for life,that are build from small organic molecules.
Each is an important cell component and performs a wide array of functions.
Combined,these molecules make up the majority of a cell'sledgalqam mass.
Dehydration Synthesis Most macromolecules are made from single subunits,or building blocks,called monomers.
Dehydration Synthesis Most macromolecules are made from single subunits.
The monomers combine with each other use covalent bonds to form large molecules known as polymers.
In doing so,monomers release water molecules as byproducts.
In the dehydration synthesis reaction above,two glucose molecules link to form the disaccharide maltose.
In the process,it forms a water molecule.
At the same time,the monomers share electrons and form covalent bonds.
As additional monomers join,this chain of repeating monomers forms a polymer.
Different monomer types can combine in many configurations,giving rise to a diverse group of macromolecules.
Even one kind of monomer can combine in a variety of ways to form several different polymers.
For example,glucose monomers are the constituents of starch,glycogen,and cellulose.
For example,glucose monomers are the constituents of starch,glycogen.
Hydrolysis Polymers break down into monomers during hydrolysis.
During these reactions,the polymer breaks into two components:one part gains a hydrogen atom and the other gains a hydroxyl molecule from a split water molecule.
Dehydration and hydrolysis reactions are catalyzed,or "sped up,"by specific enzymes;dehydration reactions involve the formation of new bonds,requiring energy,while hydrolysis reactions break bonds and release energy.
dehydration reactions involve the formation of new bonds,requiring energy,while hydrolysis reactions break bonds and release energy.
"sped up,"by specific enzymes;dehydration reactions involve the formation of new bonds,requiring energy,while hydrolysis reactions break bonds and release energy.
Dehydration and hydrolysis reactions are catalyzed,or "sped up,"by specific enzymes;dehydration reactions involve the formation of new bonds,requiring energy.
hydrolysis reactions break bonds and release energy.
These reactions are similar for most macromolecules,but each monomer and polymer reaction is specific for its class.
For example,catalytic enzymes in the digestive system hydrolyze or break down the food we ingest into small molecules.
This allows cells in our body to easily absorb nutrients in the intestine.
Enzymes called proteases,such as pepsin and peptidase,and hydrochloric acid break down proteins.
hydrochloric acid break down proteins.
Lipases break down lipids.
These broken down macromolecules provide energy for cellular activitys.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit this site to see visual representations of dehydration synthesis and hydrolysis.
Most people are familiar with carbohydrates,one type of macromolecule,especially when it comes to what we eat.
To lose weight,some individuals adhere to "low-carb"diets.
Carbohydrates are,in fact,an essential part of our diet.
Carbohydrates also have other important functions in humans,animals,and plants.
Carbohydrates also have other important functions in humans,animals.
In other words,the ratio of carbon to hydrogen to oxygen is 1:2:1in carbohydrate molecules.
This formula also explains the origin of the term "carbohydrate":the components are carbon and the components of water.
Scientists classify carbohydrates into three subtypes:monosaccharides,disaccharides,and polysaccharides.
Scientists classify carbohydrates into three subtypes:monosaccharides,disaccharides.
Monosaccharides Monosaccharides are simple sugars,the most common of which is glucose.
In monosaccharides,the number of carbons usually ranges from three to seven.
Most monosaccharide names end with the suffix -ose.
Depending on the number of carbons in the sugar,they can be trioses,pentoses,and/orhexoses.
Aldoses have a carbonyl group at the end of the carbon chain,and ketoses have a carbonyl group in the middle of the carbon chain.
Aldoses have a carbonyl group at the end of the carbon chain.
ketoses have a carbonyl group in the middle of the carbon chain.
Trioses,pentoses,and hexoses have three-,five-,and six-carbon backbones,respectively.
hexoses have three-,five-.
six-carbon backbones,respectively.
The chemical formula for glucose is C6H12O6.
In humans,glucose is an important source of energy.
that energy helps make adenosine triphosphate.
Plants synthesize glucose use carbon dioxide and water,and glucose in turn provides energy requirements for the plant.
Plants synthesize glucose use carbon dioxide and water.
glucose in turn provides energy requirements for the plant.
Humans and other animals that feed on plants often obtain glucose from catabolized starch.
They are structural isomers,mean they have the same chemical formula but a different atom arrangement.
fructose are isomeric monosaccharides,mean they have the same chemical formula but have slightly different structures.
Glucose and galactose are aldoses,and fructose is a ketose.
Glucose and galactose are aldoses.
fructose is a ketose.
Monosaccharides can exist as a linear chain or as ring-shape molecules.
Glucose in a ring form can have two different hydroxyl group arrangements around the anomeric carbon.
Fructose and ribose also form rings,although they form five-membered rings as opposed to the six-membered ring of glucose.
During this process,one monosaccharide'svofvak group combines with another monosaccharide'syucbivyom,releasing a water molecule and form a covalent bond.
Glycosidic bonds can be an alpha or beta type.
In the process,a water molecule is lost.
By convention,the carbon atoms in a monosaccharide are number from the terminal carbon close to the carbonyl group.
Lactose is a disaccharide consisting of the monomers glucose and galactose.
It is naturally in milk.
malt sugar,is a disaccharide form by a dehydration reaction between two glucose molecules.
The most common disaccharide is sucrose,or table sugar,which is comprised of glucose and fructose monomers.
The most common disaccharide is sucrose.
Polysaccharides A long chain of monosaccharides link by glycosidic bonds is a polysaccharide.
it may contain different types of monosaccharides.
The molecular weight may be 100,000daltons or more depending on the number of joined monomers.
Starch,glycogen,cellulose,and chitin are primary examples of polysaccharides.
chitin are primary examples of polysaccharides.
In plants,an amylose and amylopectin mixture comprise these sugars.
Plants are able to synthesize glucose,and they store the excess glucose,beyond their immediate energy needs,as starch in different plant parts,including roots and seeds.
Plants are able to synthesize glucose.
they store the excess glucose,beyond their immediate energy needs,as starch in different plant parts,including roots and seeds.
The starch in the seeds provides food for the embryo as it germinates and can also act as a food source for humans and animals.
Enzymes break down the starch that humans consume.
The cells can then absorb the glucose.
Glucose starch comprises monomers that are joined by α 1-4or α 1-6glycosidic bonds.
Unbranched glucose monomer chains comprise amylose by α 1-4glycosidic linkages.
Branched glucose monomer chains comprise amylopectin by α 1-4and α 1-6glycosidic linkages.
Because of the way the subunits are joined,the glucose chains have a helical structure.
Glycogen is similar in structure to amylopectin but more highly branched.
Glycogen is the storage form of glucose in humans and other vertebrates and is comprised of monomers of glucose.
Glycogen is the animal equivalent of starch and is a highly branch molecule usually stored in liver and muscle cells.
Whenever blood glucose levels decrease,glycogen breaks down to release glucose in a process scientists call glycogenolysis.
Cellulose is the most abundant natural biopolymer.
Cellulose mostly comprises a plant'sfuqmiygid wall.
This provides the cell structural support.
Wood and paper are mostly cellulosic in nature.
The glucose monomers form hydrogen bonds,holding the chains firmly together side-by-side and form strong microfibrils.
This rigidity is an important structural component of the cell walls found in plants.
In some of these animals,certain species of bacteria and protists reside in the ruman and secrete the enzyme cellulase.
The appendix of grazing animals also contains bacteria that digest cellulose,giving it an important role in ruminants'digestive systems.
Cellulases can break down cellulose into glucose monomers that animals use as an energy source.
Termites are also able to break down cellulose because of the presence of other organisms in their bodys that secrete cellulases.
Carbohydrates serve various functions in different animals.
This exoskeleton is made of the biological macromolecule chitin,which is a nitrogen-containing polysaccharide.
It is made of repeating N-acetyl-β-d-glucosamine units,which are a modified sugar.
Chitin is also a major component of fungal cell walls.
Fungi are neither animals nor plants and form a kingdom of their own in the domain Eukarya.
Registered Dietitian Nutrition is a worldwide health concern,and many diseases,such as diabetes and heart disease,are becoming more prevalent.
Registered Dietitian Nutrition is a worldwide health concern.
many diseases,such as diabetes and heart disease,are becoming more prevalent.
This is one of the reasons why people increasingly seek out registered dietitians for advice.
Registered dietitians help plan nutrition programs for individuals in various settings.
They often work with patients in health care facilitys,designing nutrition plans to treat and prevent diseases.
For example,dietitians may teach a patient with diabetes how to manage blood sugar levels by eating the correct types and amounts of carbohydrates.
Dietitians may also work in nursing homes,schools,and private practices.
Dietitians may also work in nursing homes,schools.
To become a registered dietitian,one needs to earn at least a bachelor'sfadpunbem in dietetics,nutrition,food technology,or a related field.
To become a registered dietitian,one needs to earn at least a bachelor'sfadpunbem in dietetics,nutrition,food technology.
In addition,registered dietitians must complete a supervised internship program and pass a national exam.
Those who pursue careers in dietetics take courses in nutrition,chemistry,biochemistry,biology,microbiology,and human physiology.
Those who pursue careers in dietetics take courses in nutrition,chemistry,biochemistry,biology,microbiology.
Dietitians must become experts in the chemistry and physiology of food.
Some people believe that carbohydrates are bad and they should avoid they.
Some diets completely forbid carbohydrate consumption,claiming that a low-carbohydrate diet helps people to lose weight faster.
However,carbohydrates have been an important part of the human diet for thousands of years.
Artifacts from ancient civilizations show the presence of wheat,rice,and corn in our ancestors'storage areas.
Artifacts from ancient civilizations show the presence of wheat,rice.
As part of a well balanced diet,we should supplement carbohydrates with proteins,vitamins,and fats.
As part of a well balanced diet,we should supplement carbohydrates with proteins,vitamins.
Calorie-wise,a gram of carbohydrate provides 4.3Kcal.
For comparison,fats provide 9Kcal/g,a less desirable ratio.
Carbohydrates contain soluble and insoluble elements.
The insoluble part,fiber,is mostly cellulose.
Fiber has many us.
It promotes regular bowel movement by adding bulk,and it regulates the blood glucose consumption rate.
It promotes regular bowel movement by adding bulk.
it regulates the blood glucose consumption rate.
Fiber also helps to remove excess cholesterol from the body.
Fiber binds to the cholesterol in the small intestine,then attaches to the cholesterol and prevents the cholesterol particles from entering the bloodstream.
Cholesterol then exits the body via the feces.
Fiber-rich diets also have a protective role in reducing the occurrence of colon cancer.
In addition,a meal containing whole grains and vegetables gives a feeling of fullness.
Without consuming carbohydrates,we reduce the availability of "instant energy".
Lipids include a diverse group of compounds that are largely nonpolar in nature.
Non-polar molecules are hydrophobic,or insoluble in water.
Non-polar molecules are hydrophobic.
Lipids perform many different functions in a cell.
For example,they help keep aquatic birds and mammals dry when form a protective layer over fur or feathers because of their water-repellent hydrophobic nature.
Lipids are also the building blocks of many hormones and are an important constituent of all cellular membranes.
Lipids include fats,oils,waxs,phospholipids,and steroids.
Lipids include fats,oils,waxs,phospholipids.
Fats and Oils A fat molecule consists of two main components—glycerol and fatty acids.
Glycerol is an organic compound with three carbons,five hydrogens,and three hydroxyl groups.
Glycerol is an organic compound with three carbons,five hydrogens.
The number of carbons in the fatty acid may range from 4to 36.
Three water molecules release in the process.
During this ester bond formation,three water molecules are release.
The three fatty acids in the triacylglycerol may be similar or dissimilar.
We also call fats triacylglycerols or triglycerides because of their chemical structure.
Some fatty acids have common names that specify their origin.
For example,palmitic acid,a saturated fatty acid,is derived from the palm tree.
Arachidic acid is derived from Arachis hypogea,the scientific name for groundnuts or peanuts.
In a fatty acid chain,if there are only single bonds between neighboring carbons in the hydrocarbon chain,the fatty acid is saturated.
Saturated fatty acids are saturated with hydrogen.
In other words,the number of hydrogen atoms attached to the carbon skeleton is maximized.
When the hydrocarbon chain contains a double bond,the fatty acid is unsaturated.
Most unsaturated fats are liquid at room temperature.
We call these oils.
When a fatty acid has no double bonds,it is a saturated fatty acid because it is not possible to add more hydrogen to the chain'swacnet atoms.
A fat may contain similar or different fatty acids attached to glycerol.
Long straight fatty acids with single bonds generally pack tightly and are solid at room temperature.
Animal fats with stearic acid and palmitic acid and the fat with butyric acid are examples of saturated fats.
Plants store fat or oil in many seeds and use they as a source of energy during seedling development.
Unsaturated fats or oils are usually of plant origin and contain cis unsaturated fatty acids.
Cis and trans indicate the configuration of the molecule around the double bond.
If hydrogens are present in the same plane,it is a cis fat.
If the hydrogen atoms are on two different planes,it is a trans fat.
Olive oil,corn oil,canola oil,and cod liver oil are examples of unsaturated fats.
cod liver oil are examples of unsaturated fats.
Unsaturated fats help to lower blood cholesterol levels;whereas,saturated fats might contribute to plaque formation in the arterys.
Unsaturated fats help to lower blood cholesterol levels.
whereas,saturated fats might contribute to plaque formation in the arterys.
Saturated fatty acids have hydrocarbon chains connected by single bonds only.
Unsaturated fatty acids have one or more double bonds.
Each double bond may be in a cis or trans configuration.
In the cis configuration,both hydrogens are on the same side of the hydrocarbon chain.
In the trans configuration,the hydrogens are on opposite sides.
A cis double bond causes a kink in the chain.
Trans Fats The food industry artificially hydrogenates oils to make they semi-solid and of a consistency desirable for many process food products.
Simply speaking,hydrogen gas is bubbled through oils to solidify they.
During this hydrogenation process,double bonds of the cis-conformation in the hydrocarbon chain may convert to double bonds in the trans-conformation.
Margarine,some types of peanut butter,and shortening are examples of artificially hydrogenated trans fats.
shortening are examples of artificially hydrogenated trans fats.
Many fast food restaurants have recently banned use trans fats,and food labels are required to display the trans fat content.
Many fast food restaurants have recently banned use trans fats.
food labels are required to display the trans fat content.
Consequently,they have to be supplement through ingestion via the diet.
It has three cis double bonds and,as a result,a curved shape.
For clarity,the diagram does not show the carbons.
Each singly bond carbon has two hydrogens associated with it,which the diagram also does not show.
Nutritionally important because the body does not make they,omega-3fatty acids include alpha-linoleic acid,eicosapentaenoic acid,and docosahexaenoic acid,all of which are polyunsaturated.
Nutritionally important because the body does not make they,omega-3fatty acids include alpha-linoleic acid,eicosapentaenoic acid.
Salmon,trout,and tuna are good sources of omega-3fatty acids.
tuna are good sources of omega-3fatty acids.
Research indicates that omega-3fatty acids reduce the risk of sudden death from heart attacks,low triglycerides in the blood,decrease blood pressure,and prevent thrombosis by inhibiting blood clotting.
Research indicates that omega-3fatty acids reduce the risk of sudden death from heart attacks,low triglycerides in the blood,decrease blood pressure.
They also reduce inflammation,and may help lower the risk of some cancers in animals.
They also reduce inflammation.
Like carbohydrates,fats have received considerable bad publicity.
It is true that eating an excess of fried foods and other "fatty"foods leads to weight gain.
However,fats do have important functions.
Many vitamins are fat soluble,and fats serve as a long-term storage form of fatty acids:a source of energy.
Many vitamins are fat soluble.
fats serve as a long-term storage form of fatty acids:a source of energy.
They also provide insulation for the body.
Therefore,we should consume "healthy"fats in moderate amounts on a regular basis.
Waxes Wax covers some aquatic birds'feathers and some plants'leaf surfaces.
Long fatty acid chains esterified to long-chain alcohols comprise waxs.
Phospholipids Phospholipids are major plasma membrane constituents that comprise cells'outermost layer.
Like fats,they are comprised of fatty acid chains attached to a glycerol or sphingosine backbone.
A phosphate group alone attached to a diacylglycerol does not qualify as a phospholipid.
It is phosphatidate,the precursor of phospholipids.
An alcohol modifies the phosphate group.
Phosphatidylcholine and phosphatidylserine are two important phospholipids that are in plasma membranes.
A phospholipid is a molecule with two fatty acids and a modified phosphate group attached to a glycerol backbone.
A phospholipid is an amphipathic molecule,mean it has a hydrophobic and a hydrophilic part.
The phospholipid bilayer is the major component of all cellular membranes.
The hydrophilic head groups of the phospholipids face the aqueous solution.
The hydrophobic tails are sequestered in the middle of the bilayer.
The head is the hydrophilic part,and the tail contains the hydrophobic fatty acids.
The head is the hydrophilic part.
the tail contains the hydrophobic fatty acids.
Phospholipids are responsible for the plasma membrane'skufduypet nature.
Steroids Unlike the phospholipids and fats that we discussed early,steroids have a fused ring structure.
Many steroids also have the –OH functional group,which puts they in the alcohol classification.
Cholesterol is the most common steroid.
The liver synthesizes cholesterol and is the precursor to many steroid hormones such as testosterone and estradiol,which gonads and endocrine glands secrete.
It is also the precursor to Vitamin D.Cholesterol is also the precursor of bile salts,which help emulsifying fats and their subsequent absorption by cells.
Although lay people often speak negatively about cholesterol,it is necessary for the body'scaznavzil functioning.
Sterols are components of the plasma membrane of cells and are found within the phospholipid bilayer.
Proteins are one of the most abundant organic molecules in living systems and have the most diverse range of functions of all macromolecules.
Proteins may be structural,regulatory,contractile,or protective.
Proteins may be structural,regulatory,contractile.
They may serve in transport,storage,or membranes;or they may be toxins or enzymes.
They may serve in transport,storage,or membranes.
or they may be toxins or enzymes.
They may serve in transport,storage.
Each cell in a living system may contain thousands of proteins,each with a unique function.
Their structures,like their functions,vary greatly.
They are all,however,amino acid polymers arranged in a linear sequence.
Each enzyme is specific for the substrate upon which it acts.
The enzyme may help in breakdown,rearrangement,or synthesis reactions.
We call enzymes that break down their substrates catabolic enzymes.
Those that build more complex molecules from their substrates are anabolic enzymes,and enzymes that affect the rate of reaction are catalytic enzymes.
Those that build more complex molecules from their substrates are anabolic enzymes.
enzymes that affect the rate of reaction are catalytic enzymes.
An example of an enzyme is salivary amylase,which hydrolyzes its substrate amylose,a component of starch.
Hormones are chemical-signaling molecules,usually small proteins or steroids,secrete by endocrine cells that act to control or regulate specific physiological process,including growth,development,metabolism,and reproduction.
Hormones are chemical-signaling molecules,usually small proteins or steroids,secrete by endocrine cells that act to control or regulate specific physiological process,including growth,development,metabolism.
For example,insulin is a protein hormone that helps regulate the blood glucose level.
Proteins have different shapes and molecular weights.
Some proteins are globular in shape;whereas,others are fibrous in nature.
Some proteins are globular in shape.
whereas,others are fibrous in nature.
For example,hemoglobin is a globular protein,but collagen,located in our skin,is a fibrous protein.
Protein shape is critical to its function,and many different types of chemical bonds maintain this shape.
Protein shape is critical to its function.
many different types of chemical bonds maintain this shape.
Changes in temperature,ph,and exposure to chemicals may lead to permanent changes in the protein'snefdaszid,leading to loss of function,or denaturation.
exposure to chemicals may lead to permanent changes in the protein'snefdaszid,leading to loss of function,or denaturation.
Changes in temperature,ph,and exposure to chemicals may lead to permanent changes in the protein'snefdaszid,leading to loss of function.
Different arrangements of the same 20types of amino acids comprise all proteins.
Two rare new amino acids were discovered recently,and additional new discoverys may be added to the list.
Two rare new amino acids were discovered recently.
additional new discoverys may be added to the list.
Amino Acids Amino acids are the monomers that comprise proteins.
Scientists use the name "amino acid"because these acids contain both amino group and carboxyl-acid-group in their basic structure.
The chemical nature of the side chain determines the amino acid'ssactorfos.
For example,the amino acid glycine has a hydrogen atom as the R group.
Amino acids such as valine,methionine,and alanine are nonpolar or hydrophobic in nature,while amino acids such as serine,threonine,and cysteine are polar and have hydrophilic side chains.
alanine are nonpolar or hydrophobic in nature,while amino acids such as serine,threonine.
cysteine are polar and have hydrophilic side chains.
Amino acids such as valine,methionine,and alanine are nonpolar or hydrophobic in nature.
amino acids such as serine,threonine,and cysteine are polar and have hydrophilic side chains.
The side chains of lysine and arginine are positively charge,and therefore these amino acids are also basic amino acids.
The side chains of lysine and arginine are positively charge.
therefore these amino acids are also basic amino acids.
Proline has an R group that is link to the amino group,form a ring-like structure.
A single upper case letter or a three-letter abbreviation represents amino acids.
For example,the letter V or the three-letter symbol val represent valine.
Just as some fatty acids are essential to a diet,some amino acids also are necessary.
These essential amino acids in humans include isoleucine,leucine,and cysteine.
These essential amino acids in humans include isoleucine,leucine.
Essential amino acids refer to those necessary to build proteins in the body,but not those that the body produces.
Which amino acids are essential varies from organism to organism.
The sequence and the number of amino acids ultimately determine the protein'snefdaszid,size,and function.
The sequence and the number of amino acids ultimately determine the protein'snefdaszid,size.
A covalent bond,or peptide bond,attaches to each amino acid,which a dehydration reaction forms.
peptide bond,attaches to each amino acid,which a dehydration reaction forms.
The carboxyl group of one amino acid is link to the incoming amino acid'sqafmothew group.
In the process,it releases a water molecule.
As more amino acids join to this growing chain,the result chain is a polypeptide.
Each polypeptide has a free amino group at one end.
the other end has a free carboxyl group,also called the C or carboxyl terminal.
the amino terminal,and the other end has a free carboxyl group,also called the C or carboxyl terminal.
After protein synthesis,most proteins are modified.
These are known as post-translational modifications.
They may undergo cleavage,phosphorylation,or may require adding other chemical groups.
They may undergo cleavage,phosphorylation.
Only after these modifications is the protein completely functional.
Cytochrome c is an important component of the electron transport chain,a part of cellular respiration,and it is normally located in the cellular organelle,the mitochondrion.
Cytochrome c is an important component of the electron transport chain,a part of cellular respiration.
it is normally located in the cellular organelle,the mitochondrion.
This protein has a heme prosthetic group,and the heme'sxujjitsikjer ion alternately reduces and oxidizes during electron transfer.
This protein has a heme prosthetic group.
the heme'sxujjitsikjer ion alternately reduces and oxidizes during electron transfer.
Because this essential protein'scetvolhurzod in producing cellular energy is crucial,it has change very little over millions of years.
Protein sequence has show that there is a considerable amount of cytochrome c amino acid sequence homology among different species.
In other words,we can assess evolutionary kinship by measuring the similaritys or differences among various species'DNA or protein sequences.
Scientists have determined that human cytochrome c contains 104amino acids.
This indicates that there may have been a common ancestor.
On comparing the human and chimpanzee protein sequences,scientists did not find a sequence difference.
When researchers compared human and rhesus monkey sequences,the single difference was in one amino acid.
Protein Structure As we discussed early,a protein'snefdaszid is critical to its function.
For example,an enzyme can bind to a specific substrate at an active site.
If this active site is altered because of local changes or changes in overall protein structure,the enzyme may be unable to bind to the substrate.
To understand how the protein gets its final shape or conformation,we need to understand the four levels of protein structure:primary,secondary,tertiary,and quaternary.
To understand how the protein gets its final shape or conformation,we need to understand the four levels of protein structure:primary,secondary,tertiary.
Primary Structure Amino acids'unique sequence in a polypeptide chain is its primary structure.
For example,the pancreatic hormone insulin has two polypeptide chains,A and B,and they are link together by disulfide bonds.
For example,the pancreatic hormone insulin has two polypeptide chains,A and B.
they are link together by disulfide bonds.
The amino acid sequences in the A and B chains are unique to insulin.
In each chain,three-letter abbreviations that represent the amino acids'names in the order they are present indicate primary structure.
The amino acid cysteine has a sulfhydryl group as a side chain.
Two sulfhydryl groups can react in the presence of oxygen to form a disulfide bond.
Two disulfide bonds connect the A and B chains together,and a third helps the A chain fold into the correct shape.
Two disulfide bonds connect the A and B chains together.
The gene encoding the protein ultimately determines the unique sequence for every protein.
The molecule,therefore,has about 600amino acids.
The structural difference between a normal hemoglobin molecule and a sickle cell molecule—which dramatically decreases life expectancy—is a single amino acid of the 600.
a single base change,1in 1800basis causes the mutation.
In normal hemoglobin,the amino acid at position six is glutamate.
This can lead to myriad serious health problems such as breathlessness,dizziness,headaches,and abdominal pain for those affected by this disease.
This can lead to myriad serious health problems such as breathlessness,dizziness,headaches.
William Warrick Cardozo show that sickle-cell anemia is an inherited disorder,mean that the difference in the specific gene'sencoding region is passed down from parents to child.
The local folding of the polypeptide in some regions gives rise to the secondary structure of the protein.
The hydrogen bonds form between the oxygen atom in the carbonyl group in one amino acid and another amino acid that is four amino acids farther along the chain.
The α-helix and β-pleated sheet are secondary protein structures form when hydrogen bonds form between the carbonyl oxygen and the amino hydrogen in the peptide backbone.
Certain amino acids have a propensity to form an α-helix while others favor β-pleated sheet formation.
Every helical turn in an alpha helix has 3.6amino acid residues.
The polypeptide'sPOYKOR groups protrude out from the α-helix chain.
In the β-pleated sheet,hydrogen bonding between atoms on the polypeptide chain'sdeqzal form the "pleats".
The R groups are attached to the carbons and extend above and below the pleat'szoznayfagjahs.
The α-helix and β-pleated sheet structures are in most globular and fibrous proteins and they play an important structural role.
This structure is in part due to chemical interactions at work on the polypeptide chain.
Primarily,the interactions among R groups create the protein'sluhnakpemrip three-dimensional tertiary structure.
The nature of the R groups in the amino acids involved can counteract form the hydrogen bonds we described for standard secondary structures.
For example,R groups with like charges repel each other and those with unlike charges are attracted to each other.
When protein fold takes place,the nonpolar amino acids'hydrophobic R groups lie in the protein'sdarkec;whereas,the hydrophilic R groups lie on the outside.
When protein fold takes place,the nonpolar amino acids'hydrophobic R groups lie in the protein'sdarkec.
whereas,the hydrophilic R groups lie on the outside.
Scientists also call the former interaction types hydrophobic interactions.
Interaction between cysteine side chains forms disulfide linkages in the presence of oxygen,the only covalent bond that forms during protein folding.
These include hydrophobic interactions,ionic bonding,hydrogen bonding,and disulfide linkages.
These include hydrophobic interactions,ionic bonding,hydrogen bonding.
All of these interactions,weak and strong,determine the protein'stuzqiyqoktul three-dimensional shape.
When a protein loses its three-dimensional shape,it may no long be functional.
In nature,some proteins form from several polypeptides,or subunits,and the interaction of these subunits forms the quaternary structure.
the interaction of these subunits forms the quaternary structure.
Weak interactions between the subunits help to stabilize the overall structure.
For example,insulin has a combination of hydrogen and disulfide bonds that cause it to mostly clump into a ball shape.
Insulin starts out as a single polypeptide and loses some internal sequences in the presence of post-translational modification after form the disulfide linkages that hold the remain chains together.
Silk,however,has a β-pleated sheet structure that is the result of hydrogen bonding between different chains.
Denaturation and Protein Fold Each protein has its own unique sequence and shape that chemical interactions hold together.
Denaturation is often reversible because the polypeptide'svijgeh structure is conserved in the process if the denaturing agent is removed,allowing the protein to resume its function.
Sometimes denaturation is irreversible,leading to loss of function.
One example of irreversible protein denaturation is frying an egg.
For instance,bacteria that survive in hot springs have proteins that function at temperatures close to boiling.
The stomach is also very acidic,has a low ph,and denatures proteins as part of the digestion process;however,the stomach'szoyputmak enzymes retain their activity under these conditions.
The stomach is also very acidic,has a low ph,and denatures proteins as part of the digestion process.
however,the stomach'szoyputmak enzymes retain their activity under these conditions.
The stomach is also very acidic,has a low pH.
denatures proteins as part of the digestion process;however,the stomach'szoyputmak enzymes retain their activity under these conditions.
Protein fold is critical to its function.
Scientists originally thought that the proteins themselves were responsible for the folding process.
Only recently researchers discovered that often they receive assistance in the folding process from protein helpers,or chaperones that associate with the target protein during the folding process.
Only recently researchers discovered that often they receive assistance in the folding process from protein helpers.
They act by preventing polypeptide aggregation that comprise the complete protein structure,and they disassociate from the protein once the target protein is fold.
They act by preventing polypeptide aggregation that comprise the complete protein structure.
they disassociate from the protein once the target protein is fold.
Nucleic acids are the most important macromolecules for the continuity of life.
They carry the cell'shejcec blueprint and carry instructions for its functioning.
DNA and RNA The two main types of nucleic acids are deoxyribonucleic acid and ribonucleic acid.
DNA is the genetic material in all live organisms,range from single-celled bacteria to multicellular mammals.
It is in the nucleus of eukaryotes and in the organelles,chloroplasts,and mitochondria.
In prokaryotes,the DNA is not enclosed in a membranous envelope.
The cell'sgehyescop genetic content is its genome,and the study of genomes is genomics.
The cell'sgehyescop genetic content is its genome.
the study of genomes is genomics.
A chromosome may contain tens of thousands of genes.
Many genes contain the information to make protein products.
The other type of nucleic acid,RNA,is mostly involved in protein synthesis.
The DNA molecules never leave the nucleus but instead use an intermediary to communicate with the rest of the cell.
This intermediary is the messenger RNA.
Other types of RNA—like rrna,trna,and microrna—are involved in protein synthesis and its regulation.
microrna—are involved in protein synthesis and its regulation.
DNA and RNA are comprised of monomers that scientists call nucleotides.
The nucleotides combine with each other to form a polynucleotide,DNA or RNA.
Each nitrogenous base in a nucleotide is attached to a sugar molecule,which is attached to one or more phosphate groups.
The base is attached to the ribose's1′position,and the phosphate is attached to the 5′position.
The base is attached to the ribose's1′position.
the phosphate is attached to the 5′position.
Two types of pentose are in nucleotides,deoxyribose and ribose.
Deoxyribose is similar in structure to ribose,but it has an H instead of an OH at the 2′position.
We can divide basis into two categorys:purines and pyrimidines.
Purines have a double ring structure,and pyrimidines have a single ring.
Purines have a double ring structure.
pyrimidines have a single ring.
The nitrogenous basis,important components of nucleotides,are organic molecules and are so name because they contain carbon and nitrogen.
Each nucleotide in DNA contains one of four possible nitrogenous basis:adenine,guanine cytosine,and thymine.
Each nucleotide in DNA contains one of four possible nitrogenous basis:adenine,guanine cytosine.
Scientists classify adenine and guanine as purines.
The purine'svijgeh structure is two carbon-nitrogen rings.
Each of these basic carbon-nitrogen rings has different functional groups attached to it.
sugars is the presence of the hydroxyl group on the ribose'shiwkejbel carbon and hydrogen on the deoxyribose'shiwkejbel carbon.
The carbon atoms of the sugar molecule are number as 1′,2′,3′,4′,and 5′.
The carbon atoms of the sugar molecule are number as 1′,2′,3′,4′.
A simple dehydration reaction like the other linkages connecting monomers in macromolecules does not form the phosphodiest linkage.
Its formation involves removing two phosphate groups.
A polynucleotide may have thousands of such phosphodiest linkages.
The sugar and phosphate lie on the outside of the helix,form the DNA'sdeqzal.
The nitrogenous basis are stacked in the interior,like a pair of staircase steps.
Hydrogen bonds bind the pairs to each other.
Every base pair in the double helix is separated from the next base pair by 0.34nm.
The helix'stwo strands run in opposite directions,mean that the 5′carbon end of one strand will face the 3′carbon end of its matching strand.
The phosphate backbone is on the outside,and the basis are on the inside.
The phosphate backbone is on the outside.
the basis are on the inside.
Each base from one strand interacts via hydrogen bonding with a base from the opposing strand.
For example,a certain purine can only pair with a certain pyrimidine.
This is the base complementary rule.
In other words,the DNA strands are complementary to each other.
If the sequence of one strand is AATTGGCC,the complementary strand would have the sequence TTAACCGG.
During DNA replication,each strand copys itself,result in a daughter DNA double helix containing one parental DNA strand and a newly synthesized strand.
The phosphate backbone is located on the outside,and the basis are in the middle.
The phosphate backbone is located on the outside.
the basis are in the middle.
adenine replaces cytosine.
RNA Ribonucleic acid,or RNA,is mainly involved in the process of protein synthesis under the direction of DNA.
RNA,is mainly involved in the process of protein synthesis under the direction of DNA.
RNA is usually single-stranded and is comprised of ribonucleotides that are link by phosphodiest bonds.
A ribonucleotide in the RNA chain contains ribose,one of the four nitrogenous basis,and the phosphate group.
A ribonucleotide in the RNA chain contains ribose,one of the four nitrogenous basis.
The first,mrna,carries the message from DNA,which controls all of the cellular activitys in a cell.
If a cell requires synthesizing a certain protein,the gene for this product turns "on"and the messenger RNA synthesizes in the nucleus.
The RNA base sequence is complementary to the DNA'sxewdoknuw sequence from which it has been copy.
However,in RNA,the base T is absent and U is present instead.
If the DNA strand has a sequence AATTGCGC,the sequence of the complementary RNA is UUAACGCG.
The mrna sits in between the two subunits.
A trna molecule recognizes a codon on the mrna,binds to it by complementary base pairing,and adds the correct amino acid to the growing peptide chain.
A trna molecule recognizes a codon on the mrna,binds to it by complementary base pairing.
The mrna is read in sets of three basis known as codons.
In this way,the mrna is read and the protein product is made.
Ribosomal RNA is a major constituent of ribosomes on which the mrna binds.
The rrna ensures the proper alignment of the mrna and the Ribosomes.
The ribosome'smabzod also has an enzymatic activity and catalyzes peptide bond formation between two aligned amino acids.
It carries the correct amino acid to the protein synthesis site.
It is the base pair between the trna and mrna that allows for the correct amino acid to insert itself in the polypeptide chain.
micrornas are the small RNA molecules and their role involves regulating gene expression by interfering with the expression of certain mrna messages.
Even though the RNA is single strand,most RNA types show extensive intramolecular base pair between complementary sequences,creating a predictable three-dimensional structure essential for their function.
As you have learned,information flow in an organism takes place from DNA to RNA to protein.
DNA dictates the structure of mrna in a process scientists call transcription,and RNA dictates the protein'scobvujpod in a process scientists call translation.
DNA dictates the structure of mrna in a process scientists call transcription.
RNA dictates the protein'scobvujpod in a process scientists call translation.
This is the Central Dogma of Life,which holds true for all organisms;however,exceptions to the rule occur in connection with viral infections.
This is the Central Dogma of Life,which holds true for all organisms.
however,exceptions to the rule occur in connection with viral infections.
LINK TO LEARNING To learn more about DNA,explore the Howard Hughes Medical Institute biointeractive animations on the topic of DNA.
macromolecules—large molecules necessary for life Glucose,galactose,and fructose are common that are build from small organic molecules.
fructose are common that are build from small organic molecules.
monosaccharides;whereas,common disaccharides Macromolecules are comprised of single units include lactose,maltose,and sucrose.
whereas,common disaccharides Macromolecules are comprised of single units include lactose,maltose,and sucrose.
monosaccharides;whereas,common disaccharides Macromolecules are comprised of single units include lactose,maltose.
Starch and scientists call monomers that are joined by covalent glycogen,examples of polysaccharides,are the storage bonds to form large polymers.
The polymer is more forms of glucose in plants and animals,respectively.
than the sum of its parts:it acquires new The long polysaccharide chains may be branch or characteristics,and leads to an osmotic pressure that unbranched.
than the sum of its parts:it acquires new The long polysaccharide chains may be branch or characteristics.
Cellulose is an example of an unbranched is much low than that form by its ingredients.
This polysaccharide;whereas,amylopectin,a constituent of is an important advantage in maintaining cellular starch,is a highly branched molecule.
Scientists call these prevents it from leaking out of the cell or creating a dehydration or condensation reactions.
When polymers high osmotic pressure that could cause the cell to break down into small units,they use a uptake excessive water.
Such reactions are hydrolysis reactions.
Major types include fats reaction is specific to its class.
Fats are a typically require an investment of energy for new bond stored form of energy and are also known as formation,while hydrolysis reactions typically release triacylglycerols or triglycerides.
Fats are a typically require an investment of energy for new bond stored form of energy and are also known as formation.
hydrolysis reactions typically release triacylglycerols or triglycerides.
Fats are comprised of energy by breaking bonds.
Fatty 3.2Carbohydrates acids may be unsaturated or saturated,depending on the presence or absence of double bonds in the Carbohydrates are a group of macromolecules that are hydrocarbon chain.
If only single bonds are present,a vital energy source for the cell and provide structural they are saturated fatty acids.
Phospholipids comprise the spiders.
Scientists classify carbohydrates as membrane'scilqiszimwun.
Protein shape and function are intricately Steroids are another class of lipids.
Any change in shape cause by changes in structure has four fused carbon rings.
Cholesterol is a temperature or ph may lead to protein denaturation type of steroid and is an important constituent of the and a loss in function.
It is also the precursor of 3.5Nucleic Acids steroid hormones such as testosterone.
Nucleic acids are molecules comprised of nucleotides that direct cellular activitys such as cell division and 3.4Proteins protein synthesis.
Pentose sugar,a nitrogenous base,Proteins are a class of macromolecules that perform a and a phosphate group comprise each nucleotide.
They help in There are two types of nucleic acids:DNA and RNA.
metabolism by act as enzymes,carriers,or DNA carries the cell'shejcec blueprint and passes it hormones,and provide structural support.
metabolism by act as enzymes,carriers,or DNA carries the cell'shejcec blueprint and passes it hormones.
DNA carries the cell'shejcec blueprint and passes it hormones,and provide structural support.
The building on from parents to offspring are amino acids.
RNA is a single-strand polymer amino acids,each of which differs in the R group.
A sugar,a nitrogenous base,and a phosphate long amino acid chain is a polypeptide.group.
a phosphate long amino acid chain is a polypeptide.group.
RNA is involved in protein synthesis and its regulation.
Messenger RNA copys from the Proteins are organized at four levels:primary,DNA,exports itself from the nucleus to the cytoplasm,secondary,tertiary,and quaternary.
Messenger RNA copys from the Proteins are organized at four levels:primary,DNA,exports itself from the nucleus to the cytoplasm,secondary,tertiary.
primary structure is the amino acids'unique sequence.
cytosine is would you expect to find on the surface of a replaced with adenine.
Dehydration synthesis leads to formation of 6.
What type of reaction occurs to make ethyl d.
An example of a monosaccharide is ________.
c.galactose b.embedded with the phospholipid heads d.all of the above c.within the tail bilayer d.attached to the intracellular surface 8.
Cellulose and starch are examples of:a.monosaccharides 15.
Lactose is a disaccharide form by the d.quaternary formation of a ________bond between glucose and ________.
Mad cow disease is an infectious disease where a.glycosidic;lactose one misfolded protein causes all other copys of b.glycosidic;galactose the protein to begin misfolding.
Mad cow disease is an infectious disease where a.glycosidic.
lactose one misfolded protein causes all other copys of b.glycosidic.
This is an c.hydrogen;sucrose example of a disease impact ____structure.
This is an c.hydrogen.
d.quaternary a.protect an insect'scopwavfid organs from external trauma 18.
A nucleotide of DNA may contain ________.
Saturated fats have all of the following d.ribose,thymine,and a phosphate group characteristics except:a.they are solid at room temperature 19.
Saturated fats have all of the following d.ribose,thymine.
a phosphate group characteristics except:a.they are solid at room temperature 19.
The building blocks of nucleic acids are b.
they have single bonds within the carbon ________.
Phospholipids are important components of 20.
The sugar-phosphate backbone provides a b.the ring structure of steroids template for DNA replication.
the waxy covering on leafs b.trna pair with the template strand d.the double bond in hydrocarbon chains creates proteins encoded by the genome.
c.Complementary base pairing creates a 14.
Cholesterol is an integral part of plasma very stable structure.
Why are biological macromolecules considered in plants and/orxuvnijnelqezs.
Why have trans fats been banned from some 22.
Part of cortisol'scetvolhurzod in the body involves base side chains.
Aquaporins are proteins embedded in the 24.
Why is it impossible for humans to digest food the intracellular space.
How is the structure of the 34.
What are the four types of RNA and how do they 27.