#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 14—DNA Structure and Function
#Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:481

INTRODUCTION The three letters "DNA"have now become synonymous with crime solving and genetic testing.
DNA can be retrieved from hair,blood,or saliva.
DNA can be retrieved from hair,blood.
Each person'sKIXCEFDIW is unique,and it is possible to detect differences between individuals within a species on the basis of these unique features.
Each person'sKIXCEFDIW is unique.
it is possible to detect differences between individuals within a species on the basis of these unique features.
DNA analysis has many practical applications beyond forensics.
In humans,DNA testing is applied to numerous us:determine paternity,trace genealogy,identifying pathogens,archeological research,trace disease outbreaks,and study human migration patterns.
In humans,DNA testing is applied to numerous us:determine paternity,trace genealogy,identifying pathogens,archeological research,trace disease outbreaks.
In the medical field,DNA is use in diagnostics,new vaccine development,and cancer therapy.
In the medical field,DNA is use in diagnostics,new vaccine development.
It is now possible to determine predisposition to diseases by look at genes.
Each human cell has 23pairs of chromosomes:one set of chromosomes is inherited from the female parent and the other set is inherited from the male parent.
A gene is defined as a sequence of DNA that cods for a functional product.
The human haploid genome contains 3billion base pairs and has between 20,000and 25,000functional genes.
Our current understanding of DNA began with the discovery of nucleic acids followed by the development of the double-helix model.
He name these chemicals nuclein because they were isolated from the nucleus of the cells.
LINK TO LEARNING To see Miescher conduct his experiment that lead to his discovery of DNA and associated proteins in the nucleus,click through this review.
Griffith conducted his experiments with Streptococcus pneumoniae,a bacterium that causes pneumonia.
Griffith work with two strains of this bacterium called rough and smooth.
The R strain is non-pathogenic.
The S strain is pathogenic,and has a capsule outside its cell wall.
The S strain is pathogenic.
The capsule allows the cell to escape the immune responses of the host mouse.
When Griffith injected the live S strain into mouse,they die from pneumonia.
In contrast,when Griffith injected the live R strain into mouse,they survived.
In another experiment,when he injected mouse with the heat-killed S strain,they also survived.
This experiment show that the capsule alone was not the cause of death.
In a third set of experiments,a mixture of live R strain and heat-killed S strain were injected into mouse,and—to his surprise—the mouse die.
Upon isolating the live bacteria from the dead mouse,only the S strain of bacteria was recovered.
Griffith concluded that something had pass from the heat-killed S strain into the live R strain and transform it into the pathogenic S strain.
These experiments are now know as Griffith'sqexqudmejqex experiments.
Two strains of S.pneumoniae were use in Griffith'sqexqudmejqex experiments.
The R strain is non-pathogenic,whereas the S strain is pathogenic and causes death.
the S strain is pathogenic and causes death.
The S strain was recovered from the dead mouse.
Griffith concluded that something had pass from the heat-killed S strain to the R strain,transform the R strain into the S strain in the process.
Scientists Oswald Avery,Colin macleod,and Maclyn mccarty were interested in exploring this transforming principle further.
Maclyn mccarty were interested in exploring this transforming principle further.
They isolated the S strain from the dead mouse and isolated the proteins and nucleic acids as these were possible candidates for the molecule of heredity.
They use enzymes that specifically degraded each component and then use each mixture separately to transform the R strain.
They found that when DNA was degraded,the result mixture was no long able to transform the bacteria,whereas all of the other combinations were able to transform the bacteria.
They found that when DNA was degraded,the result mixture was no long able to transform the bacteria.
all of the other combinations were able to transform the bacteria.
This lead they to conclude that DNA was the transform principle.
Forensic Scientist Forensic Scientists use DNA analysis evidence for the first time to solve an immigration case.
The story start with a teenage boy return to London from Ghana to be with his mother.
Immigration authoritys at the airport were suspicious of he,thinking that he was travel on a forged passport.
After much persuasion,he was allowed to go live with his mother,but the immigration authoritys did not drop the case against he.
All types of evidence,including photographs,were provided to the authoritys,but deportation proceedings were start nevertheless.
Around the same time,Dr.Alec Jeffreys of Leicester University in the United Kingdom had invented a technique know as DNA fingerprinting.
The immigration authoritys approach Dr.Jeffreys for help.
He took DNA samples from the mother and three of her child,as well as an unrelated mother,and compared the samples with the boy'sKIXCEFDIW.
He took DNA samples from the mother and three of her child,as well as an unrelated mother.
Because the biological father was not in the picture,DNA from the three child was compared with the boy'sKIXCEFDIW.
He found a match in the boy'sKIXCEFDIW for both the mother and his three siblings.
He concluded that the boy was indeed the mother'scomcik.
Forensic scientists analyze many items,including documents,handwriting,firearms,and biological samples.
Forensic scientists analyze many items,including documents,handwriting,firearms.
They analyze the DNA content of hair,semen,saliva,and blood,and compare it with a database of DNA profiles of know criminals.
They analyze the DNA content of hair,semen,saliva.
Analysis includes DNA isolation,sequence,and sequence analysis.
Analysis includes DNA isolation,sequence.
Forensic scientists are expected to appear at court hearings to present their findings.
They are usually employed in crime labs of city and state government agencys.
Students wish to pursue a career as a forensic scientist should have at least a bachelor'sfadpunbem in chemistry,biology,or physics,and preferably some experience work in a laboratory.
Students wish to pursue a career as a forensic scientist should have at least a bachelor'sfadpunbem in chemistry,biology,or physics.
Students wish to pursue a career as a forensic scientist should have at least a bachelor'sfadpunbem in chemistry,biology.
Proteins,with their 20different amino acids,were regard as more likely candidates.
The decisive experiment,conducted by Martha Chase and Alfred Hershey in 1952,provided confirmatory evidence that DNA was indeed the genetic material and not proteins.
Chase and Hershey were study a bacteriophage—a virus that infects bacteria.
Virus typically have a simple structure:a protein coat,called the capsid,and a nucleic acid core that contains the genetic material.
Virus typically have a simple structure:a protein coat,called the capsid.
The bacteriophage infects the host bacterial cell by attaching to its surface,and then it injects its nucleic acids inside the cell.
The bacteriophage infects the host bacterial cell by attaching to its surface.
then it injects its nucleic acids inside the cell.
The phage DNA makes multiple copys of itself use the host machinery,and eventually the host cell bursts,release a large number of bacteriophages.
The phage DNA makes multiple copys of itself use the host machinery.
Hershey and Chase select radioactive elements that would specifically distinguish the protein from the DNA in infected cells.
They label one batch of phage with radioactive sulfur,35S,to label the protein coat.
Likewise,sulfur is absent from DNA,but present in several amino acids such as methionine and cysteine.
Each batch of phage was allowed to infect the cells separately.
After infection,the phage bacterial suspension was put in a blender,which cause the phage coat to detach from the host cell.
Cells exposed long enough for infection to occur were then examined to see which of the two radioactive molecules had entered the cell.
The phage and bacterial suspension was spun down in a centrifuge.
the light phage particles stayed in the supernatant.
In the tube that contained phage label with 35S,the supernatant contained the radioactively label phage,whereas no radioactivity was detected in the pellet.
In the tube that contained phage label with 35S,the supernatant contained the radioactively label phage.
no radioactivity was detected in the pellet.
Different species had equal amounts of purines and pyrimidines,but different ratios of A+Tto G+C.These observations became know as Chargaff'ssedlups.
You can see after reading the past few pages how science builds upon previous discoverys,sometimes in a slow and laborious process.
The building blocks of DNA are nucleotides.
The nucleotide is name depending on the nitrogenous base.
The nitrogenous base can be a purine such as adenine and guanine,or a pyrimidine such as cytosine and thymine.
The nitrogenous base can be a purine such as adenine and guanine.
The purines have a double ring structure with a six-membered ring fuse to a five-membered ring.
Pyrimidines are small in size;they have a single six-membered ring structure.
Pyrimidines are small in size.
they have a single six-membered ring structure.
The images above illustrate the five basis of DNA and RNA.
The sugar is deoxyribose in DNA and ribose in RNA.
In DNA nucleotides,the 3'carbon of the sugar deoxyribose is attached to a hydroxyl group.
In RNA nucleotides,the 2'carbon of the sugar ribose also contains a hydroxyl group.
The base is attached to the 1'carbonof the sugar.
The nucleotides combine with each other to produce phosphodiest bonds.
In a polynucleotide,one end of the chain has a free 5'phosphate,and the other end has a free 3'-OH.
In a polynucleotide,one end of the chain has a free 5'phosphate.
the other end has a free 3'-OH.
A base attached to a five-carbon sugar represents a nucleoside.
A nucleotide is composed of one,two,or three phosphate groups attached to a nucleoside.
A nucleotide is composed of one,two.
In the 1950s,Francis Crick and James Watson work together to determine the structure of DNA at the University of Cambridge,England.
Other scientists like Linus Pauling and Maurice Wilkins were also actively exploring this field.
Pauling previously had discovered the secondary structure of proteins use X-ray crystallography.
In Wilkins'lab,researcher Rosalind Franklin was use X-ray diffraction methods to understand the structure of DNA.
In 1962,James Watson,Francis Crick,and Maurice Wilkins were awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine.
Maurice Wilkins were awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine.
Unfortunately,by then Franklin had die,and Nobel prizes are not awarded posthumously.
Unfortunately,by then Franklin had die.
Nobel prizes are not awarded posthumously.
Watson and Crick proposed that DNA is made up of two strands that are twisted around each other to form a right-handed helix.
Base pairing takes place between a purine and pyrimidine on opposite strands,so that A pairs with T,and G pairs with C.
Base pairing takes place between a purine and pyrimidine on opposite strands,so that A pairs with T.
Thus,adenine and thymine are complementary base pairs,and cytosine and guanine are also complementary base pairs.
Thus,adenine and thymine are complementary base pairs.
cytosine and guanine are also complementary base pairs.
The base pairs are stabilized by hydrogen bonds:adenine and thymine form two hydrogen bonds and cytosine and guanine form three hydrogen bonds.
The two strands are anti-parallel in nature;that is,the 3'end of one strand faces the 5'end of the other strand.
The two strands are anti-parallel in nature.
that is,the 3'end of one strand faces the 5'end of the other strand.
The sugar and phosphate of the nucleotides form the backbone of the structure,whereas the nitrogenous basis are stack inside,like the rungs of a ladder.
The sugar and phosphate of the nucleotides form the backbone of the structure.
the nitrogenous basis are stack inside,like the rungs of a ladder.
Each base pair is separate from the next base pair by a distance of 0.34nm,and each turn of the helix measures 3.4nm.
Each base pair is separate from the next base pair by a distance of 0.34nm.
each turn of the helix measures 3.4nm.
Therefore,10base pairs are present per turn of the helix.
The diameter of the DNA double-helix is 2nm,and it is uniform throughout.
The diameter of the DNA double-helix is 2nm.
it is uniform throughout.
Only the pairing between a purine and pyrimidine and the antiparallel orientation of the two DNA strands can explain the uniform diameter.
DNA Sequencing Techniques Until the 1990s,the sequencing of DNA was a relatively expensive and long process.
With currently available technology and automated machines,the process is cheap,safe,and can be complete in a matter of hours.
With currently available technology and automated machines,the process is cheap,safe.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit this site to watch a video explaining the DNA sequence-reading technique that result from Sanger'scefrutxohyop.
The sequence method is know as the dideoxy chain termination method.
The method is base on the use of chain terminators,the dideoxynucleotides.
The ddntps differ from the deoxynucleotides by the lack of a free 3'OH group on the five-carbon sugar.
By use a predetermined ratio of deoxynucleotides to dideoxynucleotides,it is possible to generate DNA fragments of different sizes.
The DNA is separate by capillary electrophoresis on the basis of size,and from the order of fragments form,the DNA sequence can be read.
The DNA is separate by capillary electrophoresis on the basis of size.
from the order of fragments form,the DNA sequence can be read.
The DNA sequence readout is show on an electropherogram that is generated by a laser scanner.
The DNA is divide into four tubes in which a primer,DNA polymerase,and all four nucleoside triphosphates are added.
The DNA is divide into four tubes in which a primer,DNA polymerase.
In addition,limited quantitys of one of the four dideoxynucleoside triphosphates are added to each tube respectively.
The tubes are label as A,T,G,and C according to the ddntp added.
The tubes are label as A,T,G.
For detection purposes,each of the four dideoxynucleotides carries a different fluorescent label.
The sequence is read from a laser scanner that detects the fluorescent marker of each fragment.
For his work on DNA sequencing,Sanger received a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1980.
LINK TO LEARNING Sanger'shatnenzabsij sequencing has lead to a race to sequence human genomes at rapid speed and low cost.
Gel electrophoresis is a technique use to separate DNA fragments of different sizes.
Usually the gel is made of a chemical called agarose.
Agarose powder is added to a buffer and heat.
After cooling,the gel solution is poured into a casting tray.
Once the gel has solidified,the DNA is loaded on the gel and electric current is applied.
The DNA has a net negative charge and moves from the negative electrode toward the positive electrode.
The first draft sequence of the Neanderthal genome was recently published by Richard E.Green et al.in 2010.
Neanderthals are the close ancestors of present-day humans.
They were know to have live in Europe and Western Asia before they disappeared from fossil records approximately 30,000years ago.
Green'shahxex study almost 40,000-year-old fossil remains that were select from sites across the world.
Extremely sophisticated means of sample preparation and DNA sequencing were employed because of the fragile nature of the bones and heavy microbial contamination.
In their study,the scientists were able to sequence some four billion base pairs.
The Neanderthal sequence was compared with that of present-day humans from across the world.
After comparing the sequences,the researchers found that the Neanderthal genome had 2to 3percent great similarity to people live outside Africa than to people in Africa.
Green and his colleagues also discovered DNA segments among people in Europe and Asia that are more similar to Neanderthal sequences than to other contemporary human sequences.
Another interesting observation was that Neanderthals are as closely related to people from Papua New Guinea as to those from China or France.
This is surprising because Neanderthal fossil remains have been located only in Europe and West Asia.
Most likely,genetic exchange took place between Neanderthals and modern humans as modern humans emerged out of Africa,before the divergence of Europeans,East Asians,and Papua New Guineans.
Most likely,genetic exchange took place between Neanderthals and modern humans as modern humans emerged out of Africa,before the divergence of Europeans,East Asians.
Several genes seem to have undergone changes from Neanderthals during the evolution of present-day humans.
These genes are involved in cranial structure,metabolism,skin morphology,and cognitive development.
These genes are involved in cranial structure,metabolism,skin morphology.
This gene is responsible for the prominent frontal bone,bell-shape rib cage,and dental differences seen in Neanderthals.
This gene is responsible for the prominent frontal bone,bell-shape rib cage.
It is speculated that an evolutionary change in RUNX2was important in the origin of modern-day humans,and this affected the cranium and the upper body.
It is speculated that an evolutionary change in RUNX2was important in the origin of modern-day humans.
this affected the cranium and the upper body.
A eukaryote contains a well-defined nucleus,whereas in prokaryotes,the chromosome lies in the cytoplasm in an area called the nucleoid.
A eukaryote contains a well-defined nucleus.
in prokaryotes,the chromosome lies in the cytoplasm in an area called the nucleoid.
In eukaryotic cells,DNA and RNA synthesis occur in a separate compartment from protein synthesis.
In prokaryotic cells,both process occur together.
The size of the genome in one of the most well-study prokaryotes,E.coli,is 4.6million base pairs.
The DNA is twisted by what is know as supercoiling.
Some proteins are know to be involved in the supercoiling.
At the most basic level,DNA is wrapped around proteins know as histones to form structures called nucleosomes.
The histones are evolutionarily conserved proteins that are rich in basic amino acids and form an octamer composed of two molecules of each of four different histones.
Their composition and propertys are important to understand gene expression,and were partially uncovered base on research by Marie M.Daly and Alfred E.Mirsky in the early 1950s.
Their composition and propertys are important to understand gene expression.
The DNA is wrapped tightly around the histone core.
This nucleosome is link to the next one with the help of a linker DNA.
This is also know as the "beads on a string"structure.
With the help of a fifth histone,a string of nucleosomes is further compact into a 30-nm fiber,which is the diameter of the structure.
Metaphase chromosomes are even further condense by association with scaffolding proteins.
At the metaphase stage,the chromosomes are at their most compact,approximately 700nm in width.
In interphase,eukaryotic chromosomes have two distinct regions that can be distinguished by stain.
The tightly packaged region is know as heterochromatin,and the less dense region is know as euchromatin.
The tightly packaged region is know as heterochromatin.
the less dense region is know as euchromatin.
The euchromatin usually contains genes that are transcribed,with DNA packaged around nucleosomes but not further compact.
These figures illustrate the compaction of the eukaryotic chromosome.
The elucidation of the structure of the double helix provided a hint as to how DNA divides and makes copys of itself.
With specific base pairs,the sequence of one DNA strand can be predicted from its complement.
The double-helix model suggests that the two strands of the double helix separate during replication,and each strand serves as a template from which the new complementary strand is copy.
The double-helix model suggests that the two strands of the double helix separate during replication.
each strand serves as a template from which the new complementary strand is copy.
Gray indicates the original DNA strands,and blue indicates newly synthesize DNA.
Gray indicates the original DNA strands.
blue indicates newly synthesize DNA.
In conservative replication,the parental DNA remains together,and the newly form daughter strands are together.
In conservative replication,the parental DNA remains together.
the newly form daughter strands are together.
Meselson and Stahl were interested in understand how DNA replicates.
These datum support the semi-conservative replication model.
The E.coli culture was then place into medium containing 14Nand allowed to grow for several generations.
After each of the first few generations,the cells were harvested and the DNA was isolated,then centrifuge at high speeds in an ultracentrifuge.
Under these circumstances,the DNA will form a band according to its buoyant density:the density within the gradient at which it floats.
These results could only be explained if DNA replicates in a semi-conservative manner.
And for this reason,therefore,the other two models were rule out.
During DNA replication,each of the two strands that make up the double helix serves as a template from which new strands are copy.
The new strands will be complementary to the parental or "old"strands.
When two daughter DNA copys are form,they have the same sequence and are divide equally into the two daughter cells.
DNA replication has been well study in prokaryotes primarily because of the small size of the genome and because of the large variety of mutants that are available.
This means that approximately 1000nucleotides are added per second.
Thus,the process is quite rapid and occurs without many mistakes.
DNA replication employs a large number of structural proteins and enzymes,each of which plays a critical role during the process.
The addition of nucleotides requires energy;this energy is obtained from the nucleoside triphosphates dATP,dgtp,dttp and dctp.
The addition of nucleotides requires energy.
this energy is obtained from the nucleoside triphosphates dATP,dgtp,dttp and dctp.
Like ATP,the other ntps are high-energy molecules that can serve both as the source of DNA nucleotides and the source of energy to drive the polymerization.
When the bond between the phosphates is "break,"the energy release is use to form the phosphodiest bond between the incoming nucleotide and the growing chain.
In prokaryotes,three main types of polymerases are know:DNA pol I,DNA pol II,and DNA pol III.
In prokaryotes,three main types of polymerases are know:DNA pol I,DNA pol II.
It turns out that there are specific nucleotide sequences called origins of replication where replication begins.
The origin of replication is recognized by certain proteins that bind to this site.
An enzyme called helicase unwinds the DNA by break the hydrogen bonds between the nitrogenous base pairs.
ATP hydrolysis is required for this process.
Two replication forks are form at the origin of replication and these get extended bi-directionally as replication proceeds.
It also requires a free 3'-OHrodwexveq to which it can add nucleotides by form a phosphodiest bond between the 3'-OHnolhanyeblat and the 5'phosphate of the next nucleotide.
This essentially means that it cannot add nucleotides if a free 3'-OHrodwexveq is not available.
The problem is solved with the help of a primer that provides the free 3'-OHnolhanyeblat.
Another enzyme,RNA primase,synthesizes an RNA segment that is about five to ten nucleotides long and complementary to the template DNA.
Because this sequence primes the DNA synthesis,it is appropriately called the primer.
As DNA replication begins,DNA Helicase,a large enzyme,separates the two strands of DNA so that they can act as templates for replication.
Single-strand bind proteins bind to each strand to stabilize and prevent they from reform the double helix.
Primase,an RNA polymerase,binds to the single strand DNA and synthesizes a short RNA primer in the 5'to 3'direction that is antiparallel to the parental strand.
Topoisomerase binds to the double helix upstream of the replication fork to prevent additional coiling by making small cuts in one of the DNA strands.
Because DNA polymerase can only extend in the 5'to 3'direction.
The two template DNA strands have opposing orientations:one strand is in the 5'to 3'direction and the other is orient in the 3'to 5'direction.
Only one new DNA strand,the one that is complementary to the 3'to 5'parental DNA strand,can be synthesize continuously towards the replication fork.
This continuously synthesize strand is know as the lead strand.
New primer segments are laid down in the direction of the replication fork,but each point away from it.
(Okazaki fragments are name after the Japanese scientist who first discovered they.
The lead strand can be extended from a single primer,whereas the lagging strand needs a new primer for each of the short Okazaki fragments.
The lead strand can be extended from a single primer.
the lagging strand needs a new primer for each of the short Okazaki fragments.
A protein called the slide clamp holds the DNA polymerase in place as it continues to add nucleotides.
The slide clamp is a ring-shape protein that binds to the DNA and holds the polymerase in place.
As synthesis proceeds,the RNA primers are replaced by DNA.
Once the chromosome has been completely replicate,the two DNA copys move into two different cells during cell division.
Helicase opens up the DNA-form replication forks.
Topoisomerase binds at the region ahead of the replication fork to prevent supercoiling.
Primase synthesizes RNA primers complementary to the DNA strand.
RNA primers are removed by exonuclease activity.
Gaps are fill by DNA pol I by adding dntps.
The gap between the two DNA fragments is seal by DNA ligase,which helps in the formation of phosphodiest bonds.
Eukaryotic genomes are much more complex and large in size than prokaryotic genomes.
Eukaryotes also have a number of different linear chromosomes.
The human genome has 3billion base pairs per haploid set of chromosomes,and 6billion base pairs are replicate during the S phase of the cell cycle.
The human genome has 3billion base pairs per haploid set of chromosomes.
There are multiple origins of replication on each eukaryotic chromosome;humans can have up to 100,000origins of replication across the genome.
humans can have up to 100,000origins of replication across the genome.
The rate of replication is approximately 100nucleotides per second,much slow than prokaryotic replication.
In yeast,which is a eukaryote,special sequences know as autonomously replicate sequences are found on the chromosomes.
These are equivalent to the origin of replication in E.coli.
They are know as pol α,pol β,pol γ,pol δ,and pol ε.
They are know as pol α,pol β,pol γ,pol δ.
The essential steps of replication are the same as in prokaryotes.
Before replication can start,the DNA has to be made available as a template.
Eukaryotic DNA is bind to basic proteins know as histones to form structures called nucleosomes.
At the origin of replication,a pre-replication complex is made with other initiator proteins.
Helicase and other proteins are then recruited to start the replication process.
A helicase use the energy from ATP hydrolysis opens up the DNA helix.
Replication forks are form at each replication origin as the DNA unwinds.
The opening of the double helix causes over-winding,or supercoiling,in the DNA ahead of the replication fork.
The opening of the double helix causes over-winding.
These are resolved with the action of topoisomerases.
Primers are form by the enzyme primase,and use the primer,DNA pol can start synthesis.
Primers are form by the enzyme primase.
use the primer,DNA pol can start synthesis.
DNA pol α adds a short DNA fragment to the RNA primer on both strands,and then hands off to a second polymerase.
DNA pol α adds a short DNA fragment to the RNA primer on both strands.
While the lead strand is continuously synthesize by the enzyme pol ε,the lagging strand is synthesize by pol δ.
A slide clamp protein know as PCNA holds the DNA pol in place so that it does not slide off the DNA.
As pol δ runs into the primer RNA on the lagging strand,it displaces it from the DNA template.
The gaps that remain are seal by DNA ligase,which forms the phosphodiest bond.
Telomere replication Unlike prokaryotic chromosomes,eukaryotic chromosomes are linear.
As you'velearned,the enzyme DNA pol can add nucleotides only in the 5'to 3'direction.
In the lead strand,synthesis continues until the end of the chromosome is reached.
On the lagging strand,DNA is synthesize in short stretchs,each of which is initiated by a separate primer.
The DNA at the ends of the chromosome thus remains unpaired,and over time these ends,called telomeres,may get progressively short as cells continue to divide.
The DNA at the ends of the chromosome thus remains unpaired.
Telomeres comprise repetitive sequences that code for no particular gene.
In humans,a six-base-pair sequence,TTAGGG,is repeated 100to 1000times in the telomere regions.
In a way,these telomeres protect the genes from getting deleted as cells continue to divide.
It attaches to the end of the chromosome,and DNA nucleotides complementary to the RNA template are added on the 3'end of the DNA strand.
It attaches to the end of the chromosome.
DNA nucleotides complementary to the RNA template are added on the 3'end of the DNA strand.
Once the 3'end of the lagging strand template is sufficiently elongate,DNA polymerase can add the nucleotides complementary to the ends of the chromosomes.
Thus,the ends of the chromosomes are replicate.
The ends of linear chromosomes are maintained by the action of the telomerase enzyme.
Telomerase is typically active in germ cells and adult stem cells.
It is not active in adult somatic cells.
Later research use hela cells confirmed that telomerase is present in human cells.
And in 2001,researchers including Diane L.Wright found that telomerase is necessary for cells in human embryos to rapidly proliferate.
This essentially means that telomere shortening is associate with aging.
In 2010,scientists found that telomerase can reverse some age-related conditions in mouse.
This may have potential 2in regenerative medicine.
Telomerase-deficient mouse were use in these studys;these mouse have tissue atrophy,stem cell depletion,organ system failure,and impaired tissue injury responses.
Telomerase-deficient mouse were use in these studys.
these mouse have tissue atrophy,stem cell depletion,organ system failure,and impaired tissue injury responses.
Telomerase-deficient mouse were use in these studys;these mouse have tissue atrophy,stem cell depletion,organ system failure.
Thus,telomere reactivation may have potential for treating age-related diseases in humans.
Cancer is characterized by uncontrolled cell division of abnormal cells.
The cells accumulate mutations,proliferate uncontrollably,and can migrate to different parts of the body through a process called metastasis.
The cells accumulate mutations,proliferate uncontrollably.
Scientists have observed that cancerous cells have considerably shortened telomeres and that telomerase is active in these cells.
Interestingly,only after the telomeres were shortened in the cancer cells did the telomerase become active.
If the action of telomerase in these cells can be inhibited by drugs during cancer therapy,then the cancerous cells could potentially be stopped from further division.
DNA replication is a highly accurate process,but mistakes can occasionally occur,such as a DNA polymerase inserting a wrong base.
Uncorrected mistakes may sometimes lead to serious consequences,such as cancer.
Repair mechanisms correct the mistakes.
In rare cases,mistakes are not correct,lead to mutations;in other cases,repair enzymes are themselves mutated or defective.
In rare cases,mistakes are not correct,lead to mutations.
in other cases,repair enzymes are themselves mutated or defective.
In proofreading,the DNA pol reads the newly added base before adding the next one,so a correction can be made.
The polymerase checks whether the newly added base has pair correctly with the base in the template strand.
If an incorrect base has been added,the enzyme makes a cut at the phosphodiest bond and releases the wrong nucleotide.
This is perform by the 3'exonuclease action of DNA pol.
Once the incorrect nucleotide has been removed,it can be replaced by the correct one.
Specific repair enzymes recognize the mispaired nucleotide and excise part of the strand that contains it;the excised region is then resynthesized.
Specific repair enzymes recognize the mispaired nucleotide and excise part of the strand that contains it.
the excised region is then resynthesized.
uncorrected,it may lead to more permanent damage when the mismatched DNA is replicate.
In E.coli,after replication,the nitrogenous base adenine acquires a methyl group;the parental DNA strand will have methyl groups,whereas the newly synthesize strand lacks they.
In E.coli,after replication,the nitrogenous base adenine acquires a methyl group.
the parental DNA strand will have methyl groups,whereas the newly synthesize strand lacks they.
In E.coli,after replication,the nitrogenous base adenine acquires a methyl group;the parental DNA strand will have methyl groups.
the newly synthesize strand lacks they.
Thus,DNA polymerase is able to remove the wrongly incorporated basis from the newly synthesize,non-methylated strand.
In mismatch repair,the incorrectly added base is detected after replication.
The mismatch repair proteins detect this base and remove it from the newly synthesize strand by nuclease action.
The gap is now fill with the correctly pair base.
Another type of repair mechanism,nucleotide excision repair,is similar to mismatch repair,except that it is use to remove damage basis rather than mismatch ones.
Once the basis are fill in,the remain gap is seal with a phosphodiest linkage catalyzed by DNA ligase.
This repair mechanism is often employed when UV exposure causes the formation of pyrimidine dimers.
In normal cells,they are excised and replaced.
Affected individuals have skin that is highly sensitive to UV rays from the sun.
When individuals are exposed to UV light,pyrimidine dimers,especially those of thymine,are form;people with xeroderma pigmentosa are not able to repair the damage.
people with xeroderma pigmentosa are not able to repair the damage.
These are not repair because of a defect in the nucleotide excision repair enzymes,whereas in normal individuals,the thymine dimers are excised and the defect is correct.
These are not repair because of a defect in the nucleotide excision repair enzymes.
in normal individuals,the thymine dimers are excised and the defect is correct.
The thymine dimers distort the structure of the DNA double helix,and this may cause problems during DNA replication.
The thymine dimers distort the structure of the DNA double helix.
this may cause problems during DNA replication.
People with xeroderma pigmentosa may have a high risk of contract skin cancer than those who don'thave the condition.
Errors during DNA replication are not the only reason why mutations arise in DNA.
Mutations,variations in the nucleotide sequence of a genome,can also occur because of damage to DNA.
Such mutations may be of two types:induced or spontaneous.
Induced mutations are those that result from an exposure to chemicals,UV rays,x-rays,or some other environmental agent.
Induced mutations are those that result from an exposure to chemicals,UV rays,x-rays.
For example,Charlotte Auerbach and J.MJurvupyel discovered the mutation-inducing effects of mustard gas.
Spontaneous mutations occur without any exposure to any environmental agent;they are a result of natural reactions taking place within the body.
Spontaneous mutations occur without any exposure to any environmental agent.
they are a result of natural reactions taking place within the body.
Mutations may have a wide range of effects.
Point mutations are those mutations that affect a single base pair.
The most common nucleotide mutations are substitutions,in which one base is replaced by another.
These substitutions can be of two types,either transitions or transversions.
Transversion substitution refers to a purine being replaced by a pyrimidine,or vice versa;for example,cytosine,a pyrimidine,is replaced by adenine,a purine.
Transversion substitution refers to a purine being replaced by a pyrimidine,or vice versa.
for example,cytosine,a pyrimidine,is replaced by adenine,a purine.
Transversion substitution refers to a purine being replaced by a pyrimidine.
vice versa;for example,cytosine,a pyrimidine,is replaced by adenine,a purine.
Some point mutations are not detectable in the final product;these are know as silent mutations.
Some point mutations are not detectable in the final product.
these are know as silent mutations.
Silent mutations are usually due to a substitution in the third base of a codon,which often represents the same amino acid as the original codon.
Other point mutations can result in the replacement of one amino acid by another,which may alter the function of the protein.
Some mutations can result in an increase number of copys of the same codon.
Mutations can also be the result of the addition of a base,know as an insertion,or the removal of a base,also know as deletion.
Mutations can also be the result of the addition of a base,know as an insertion.
If an insertion or deletion results in the alteration of the translational reading frame,the resultant protein is usually nonfunctional.
Sometimes a piece of DNA from one chromosome may get translocated to another chromosome or to another region of the same chromosome;this is also know as translocation.
Sometimes a piece of DNA from one chromosome may get translocated to another chromosome or to another region of the same chromosome.
this is also know as translocation.
A frameshift mutation that results in the insertion of three nucleotides is often less deleterious than a mutation that results in the insertion of one nucleotide.
Mutations in repair genes have been know to cause cancer.
Many mutated repair genes have been implicated in certain forms of pancreatic cancer,colon cancer,and colorectal cancer.
Many mutated repair genes have been implicated in certain forms of pancreatic cancer,colon cancer.
Mutations can affect either somatic cells or germ cells.
If many mutations accumulate in a somatic cell,they may lead to problems such as the uncontrolled cell division observed in cancer.
If a mutation takes place in germ cells,the mutation will be pass on to the next generation,as in the case of hemophilia and xeroderma pigmentosa.
Friedrich Miescher,who called it nuclein because it was Some of the salient features are that the two strands isolated from nucleus.
Frederick Griffith'stocjiwgistabs that make up the double helix have complementary with strains of Streptococcus pneumoniae provided the base sequences and anti-parallel orientations.
mccarty show that DNA is the backbone of the structure.
Late basis are stack like rungs inside.
The diameter of experiments by Hershey and Chase use the double helix,2nm,is uniform throughout.
A purine bacteriophage T2proved that DNA is the genetic always pairs with a pyrimidine.
Chargaff found that the ratio of A =T and C =pairs with C.One turn of the helix has 10base pairs.
G,and that the percentage content of A,T,G,and C is Prokaryotes are much simple than eukaryotes in many different for different species.
C is Prokaryotes are much simple than eukaryotes in many different for different species.
Most prokaryotes contain a single,circular chromosome.
The mechanism is quite similar to that in During cell division,each daughter cell receives a copy prokaryotes.
A primer is required to initiate synthesis,of each molecule of DNA by a process know as DNA which is then extended by DNA polymerase as it adds replication.
The model for DNA replication the lagging strand is synthesize in short stretchs suggests that the two strands of the double helix called Okazaki fragments.
The ends of the chromosomes pose a parental DNA is conserved,and the daughter DNA is problem as the primer RNA at the 5'ends of the DNA newly synthesize.
The ends of the chromosomes pose a parental DNA is conserved.
the daughter DNA is problem as the primer RNA at the 5'ends of the DNA newly synthesize.
The semi-conservative model cannot be replaced with DNA,and the chromosome is suggests that each of the two parental DNA strands progressively shortened.
The semi-conservative model cannot be replaced with DNA.
the chromosome is suggests that each of the two parental DNA strands progressively shortened.
It edits the DNA by proofreading every newly added base.
Most mistakes are correct during found on the chromosome called the origin of replication,although when this does not happen,the replication—the point at which the DNA opens up.
Mismatch Helicase opens up the DNA double helix,result in repair enzymes recognize the wrongly incorporated the formation of the replication fork.
Single-strand base and excise it from the DNA,replacing it with the bind proteins bind to the single-strand DNA near correct base.
In yet another type of repair,nucleotide the replication fork to keep the fork open.
The ends of the newly synthesize new DNA strands grow according to their respective fragment are attached to the rest of the DNA use DNA 5'-3'directions.
in the direction of the replication fork;this is called the Most mistakes are correct,and if they are not,they lead strand.
in the direction of the replication fork;this is called the Most mistakes are correct.
if they are not,they lead strand.
The other strand is synthesize in a may result in a mutation,defined as a permanent direction away from the replication fork,in short change in the DNA sequence.
Mutations can be of stretchs of DNA know as Okazaki fragments.
This many types,such as substitution,deletion,insertion,strand is know as the lagging strand.
Mutations in is complete,the RNA primers are replaced by DNA repair genes may lead to serious consequences such nucleotides and the DNA is seal with DNA ligase,as cancer.
In prokaryotic cells,both suspect that a mutation has occur in an process occur together.
What advantages enzyme found at the replication fork.
You isolate a cell strain in which deleterious than a mutation that results in the the joining of Okazaki fragments is impaired and insertion of one nucleotide.
The experiments by Hershey and Chase helped confirm that DNA was the hereditary material on 10.
How did Meselson and Stahl support Watson 6.
They show that the DNA strands break bacteria.
helix structure while undergoing semi-c.Bacteriophages could spread DNA conservative replication.
They demonstrated that conservative d.
replication maintains the complementary base pairing of each DNA helix.
RNA primer prokaryotic replication uses a single origin c.Okazaki fragments to rapidly replicate the entire genome.
d.phosphodiester linkage c.DNA replication always occurs in the nucleus.
She then sequences the bacterium'sd.helicase daughter cells,and finds that the daughters have many errors in their replicate DNA.
She then sequences the bacterium'sd.helicase daughter cells.
The initial mechanism for repair nucleotide bacterium likely acquired a mutation in which errors in DNA is ________.
A scientist creates fruit fly larvae with a 16.
The ends of the linear chromosomes are mutation that eliminates the exonuclease maintained by function of DNA pol.
The adults with the DNA pol mutation will d.telomerase have significantly more mutations than average.
Which of the following is not a true statement b.
The adults with the DNA pol mutation will polymerases build off RNA primers made have the same number of mutations as by primase.
b.Eukaryotic DNA replication requires d.
Why were radioactive sulfur and phosphorous pairing of DNA.use to label bacteriophage in Hershey and 26.
while eukaryotes have linear chromosomes.
repeats,was the most widely accepted view of 27.
How did the scientific community learn that DNA DNA'sdekxul.
Quinolone antibiotics treat bacterial infections distributions of DNA incorporating 15Nand 14Nby block the activity of topoisomerase.
DNA replication is bidirectional and at the molecular level.
How do the linear chromosomes in eukaryotes those concepts.
What are Okazaki fragments and how they are 36.
How will this affect 31.
prokaryote is 900nucleotides per second,how 37.
An adult with a history of tanning has his long would it take 1.2million base pair genomes genome sequence.
cod region of his DNA reads 32.
ATGGGGATATGAGCAT,identify the site and type of mutation.