#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 16—Gene Expression
#Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:394

The genetic content of each somatic cell in an organism is the same,but not all genes are expressed in every cell.
The control of which genes are expressed dictates whether a cell is,for example,an eye cell or a liver cell.
It is the differential gene expression patterns that arise in different cells that give rise to a complete organism.
INTRODUCTION Each somatic cell in the body generally contains the same DNA.
A few exceptions include red blood cells,which contain no DNA in their mature state,and some immune system cells that rearrange their DNA while produce antibodys.
A few exceptions include red blood cells,which contain no DNA in their mature state.
Whereas each cell shares the same genome and DNA sequence,each cell does not turn on,or express,the same set of genes.
Each cell type needs a different set of proteins to perform its function.
Therefore,only a small subset of proteins is expressed in a cell.
For the proteins to be expressed,the DNA must be transcribe into RNA and the RNA must be translated into protein.
In a given cell type,not all genes encode in the DNA are transcribe into RNA or translated into protein because specific cells in our body have specific functions.
At any given time,only a subset of all of the genes encode by our DNA are expressed and translated into proteins.
The expression of specific genes is a highly regulated process with many levels and stages of control.
This complexity ensures the proper expression in the proper cell at the proper time.
For a cell to function properly,necessary proteins must be synthesize at the proper time and place.
Whether in a simple unicellular organism or a complex multi-cellular organism,each cell controls when and how its genes are expressed.
The regulation of gene expression conserves energy and space.
Cells would have to be enormous if every protein were expressed in every cell all the time.
The control of gene expression is extremely complex.
Malfunctions in this process are detrimental to the cell and can lead to the development of many diseases,including cancer.
Prokaryotic versus Eukaryotic Gene Expression To understand how gene expression is regulated,we must first understand how a gene codes for a functional protein in a cell.
The process occurs in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells,just in slightly different manners.
Prokaryotic organisms are single-celled organisms that lack a cell nucleus,and their DNA therefore floats freely in the cell cytoplasm.
Prokaryotic organisms are single-celled organisms that lack a cell nucleus.
their DNA therefore floats freely in the cell cytoplasm.
To synthesize a protein,the process of transcription and translation occur almost simultaneously.
All of the subsequent steps occur automatically.
Therefore,in prokaryotic cells,the control of gene expression is mostly at the transcriptional level.
Eukaryotic cells,in contrast,have intracellular organelles that add to their complexity.
In eukaryotic cells,the DNA is contained inside the cell'ssejxiczifces and there it is transcribe into RNA.
The newly synthesize RNA is then transport out of the nucleus into the cytoplasm,where ribosomes translate the RNA into protein.
The process of transcription and translation are physically separate by the nuclear membrane;transcription occurs only within the nucleus,and translation occurs only outside the nucleus in the cytoplasm.
The process of transcription and translation are physically separate by the nuclear membrane.
transcription occurs only within the nucleus,and translation occurs only outside the nucleus in the cytoplasm.
The process of transcription and translation are physically separate by the nuclear membrane;transcription occurs only within the nucleus.
translation occurs only outside the nucleus in the cytoplasm.
The regulation of gene expression occurs at multiple steps going from DNA to the functional gene product,usually a protein.
It begins with chromatin structure making the DNA more or less accessible for transcription by RNA polymerase.
In eukaryotes,the primary mrna transcript must be process before it can be translated in the cytoplasm.
The final level of active protein in the cell depends not only on the rate of synthesis,but also on the rate of degradation of mrna and protein.
A.Prokaryotic transcription and translation occur simultaneously in the cytoplasm,and regulation occurs primarily at the transcriptional level.
A.Prokaryotic transcription and translation occur simultaneously in the cytoplasm.
regulation occurs primarily at the transcriptional level.
B.Eukaryotic gene expression is regulated during transcription and RNA processing,which take place in the nucleus,and during protein translation,which takes place in the cytoplasm.
B.Eukaryotic gene expression is regulated during transcription and RNA processing,which take place in the nucleus.
Further regulation may occur through post-translational modifications of proteins in both prokaryotes and eukaryotes.
The differences in the regulation of gene expression between prokaryotes and eukaryotes are summarized in.
The regulation of gene expression is discussed in detail in subsequent modules.
RNA transcription and protein RNA transcription occurs prior to protein formation,and it takes place in formation occur almost the nucleus.
RNA transcription and protein RNA transcription occurs prior to protein formation.
it takes place in formation occur almost the nucleus.
Translation of RNA to protein occurs in the cytoplasm.
Evolution of Gene Regulation Prokaryotic cells can only regulate gene expression by control the amount of transcription.
For example,with the evolution of eukaryotic cells came compartmentalization of important cellular components and cellular process.
Transcription and translation were physically separate into two different cellular compartments.
It therefore became possible to control gene expression by regulating transcription in the nucleus,and also by control the RNA levels and protein translation present outside the nucleus.
It therefore became possible to control gene expression by regulating transcription in the nucleus.
However,other regulatory process may be defensive.
If the cell could quickly shut off gene expression for a short period of time,it would be able to survive an infection when other organisms could not.
Therefore,the organism evolved a new process that help it survive,and it was able to pass this new development to offspring.
Therefore,the organism evolved a new process that help it survive.
it was able to pass this new development to offspring.
The DNA of prokaryotes is organized into a circular chromosome,supercoiled within the nucleoid region of the cell cytoplasm.
Proteins that are need for a specific function,or that are involved in the same biochemical pathway,are encode together in blocks called operons.
Repressors and activators are proteins produce in the cell.
Both repressors and activators regulate gene expression by bind to specific DNA sites adjacent to the genes they control.
In general,activators bind to the promoter site,while repressors bind to operator regions.
In general,activators bind to the promoter site.
Repressors prevent transcription of a gene in response to an external stimulus,whereas activators increase the transcription of a gene in response to an external stimulus.
Repressors prevent transcription of a gene in response to an external stimulus.
activators increase the transcription of a gene in response to an external stimulus.
Inducers are small molecules that>may be produce by the cell or that are in the cell'smajsut.
Inducers either activate or repress transcription depending on the needs of the cell and the availability of substrate.
The trp Operon:A Repressible Operon Bacteria such as Escherichia coli need amino acids to survive,and are able to synthesize many of they.
The trp Operon:A Repressible Operon Bacteria such as Escherichia coli need amino acids to survive.
Tryptophan is one such amino acid that E.coli can either ingest from the environment or synthesize use enzymes that are encode by five genes.
The genes are transcribe into a single mrna,which is then translated to produce all five enzymes.
tryptophan is present in the environment,then E.coli does not need to synthesize it and the trp operon is switch off.
However,when tryptophan availability is low,the switch control the operon is turn on,the mrna is transcribe,the enzyme proteins are translated,and tryptophan is synthesize.
However,when tryptophan availability is low,the switch control the operon is turn on,the mrna is transcribe,the enzyme proteins are translated.
The five genes that are need to synthesize tryptophan in E.coli are located next to each other in the trp operon.
When tryptophan is plentiful,two tryptophan molecules bind the repressor protein at the operator sequence.
This physically blocks the RNA polymerase from transcribe the tryptophan genes.
When tryptophan is absent,the repressor protein does not bind to the operator and the genes are transcribe.
The trp operon includes three important regions:the cod region,the trp operator and the trp promoter.
The cod region includes the genes for the five tryptophan biosynthesis enzymes.
Just before the cod region is the transcriptional start site.
The promoter sequence,to which RNA polymerase binds to initiate transcription,is before or "upstream"of the transcriptional start site.
The trp operator contains the DNA code to which the trp repressor protein can bind.
However,the repressor alone cannot bind to the operator.
When tryptophan is not present in the cell,the repressor by itself does not bind to the operator,the polymerase can transcribe the enzyme genes,and tryptophan is synthesize.
When tryptophan is not present in the cell,the repressor by itself does not bind to the operator,the polymerase can transcribe the enzyme genes.
For example,when glucose is scarce,E.coli bacteria can turn to other sugar sources for fuel.
When glucose levels drop,cyclic AMP begins to accumulate in the cell.
The camp molecule is a signal molecule that is involved in glucose and energy metabolism in E.coli.
In these operons,a CAP-bind site is located upstream of the RNA-polymerase-bind site in the promoter.
CAP binding stabilizes the binding of RNA polymerase to the promoter region and increases transcription of the associate protein-cod genes.
When glucose levels fall,E.coli may use other sugars for fuel but must transcribe new genes to do so.
As glucose supplys become limited,camp levels increase.
This camp binds to the CAP protein,a positive regulator that binds to a promoter region upstream of the genes required to use other sugar sources.
The lac operon is a typical inducible operon.
As mentioned previously,E.coli is able to use other sugars as energy sources when glucose concentrations are low.
One such sugar source is lactose.
The lac operon encodes the genes necessary to acquire and process the lactose from the local environment.
The Z gene of the lac operon encodes beta-galactosidase,which breaks lactose down to glucose and galactose.
However,for the lac operon to be activated,two conditions must be met.
First,the level of glucose must be very low or non-existent.
Second,lactose must be present.
In the absence of glucose,the binding of the CAP protein makes transcription of the lac operon more effective.
When lactose is present,its metabolite,allolactose,binds to the lac repressor and changes its shape so that it cannot bind to the lac operator to prevent transcription.
It should be mentioned that the lac operon is transcribe at a very low rate even when glucose is present and lactose absent.
Transcription of the lac operon is carefully regulated so that its expression only occurs when glucose is limited and lactose is present to serve as an alternative fuel source.
In E.coli,the trp operon is on by default,while the lac operon is off.
In E.coli,the trp operon is on by default.
the lac operon is off.
If glucose is present,then CAP fails to bind to the promoter sequence to activate transcription.
If lactose is absent,then the repressor binds to the operator to prevent transcription.
If either of these conditions is met,then transcription remains off.
If both glucose and lactose are present,the transcription rate is low as the CAP is not bind to promote maximal rates of lac operon transcription.
Eukaryotic gene expression is more complex than prokaryotic gene expression because the process of transcription and translation are physically separate.
Unlike prokaryotic cells,eukaryotic cells can regulate gene expression at many different levels.
Epigenetic changes are inheritable changes in gene expression that do not result from changes in the DNA sequence.
Eukaryotic gene expression begins with control of access to the DNA.
Transcriptional access to the DNA can be control in two general ways:chromatin remodeling and DNA methylation.
DNA methylation is associate with developmental changes and gene silence.
The DNA in the nucleus is precisely wound,fold,and compact into chromosomes so that it will fit into the nucleus.
The DNA in the nucleus is precisely wound,fold.
It is also organized so that specific segments can be access as need by a specific cell type.
The first level of organization,or packing,is the winding of DNA strands around histone proteins.
packing,is the winding of DNA strands around histone proteins.
These nucleosomes control the access of proteins to the underlying DNA.
When view through an electron microscope,the nucleosomes look like beads on a string.
These beads can move along the string to expose different sections of the molecule.
Modifications to the histones and DNA affect nucleosome spacing.
These tags are not permanent,but may be added or removed as need.
Some chemical groups are attached to specific amino acids in histone "tails"at the N-terminus of the protein.
These groups do not alter the DNA base sequence,but they do alter how tightly wound the DNA is around the histone proteins.
DNA is a negatively charge molecule and unmodified histones are positively charge;therefore,changes in the charge of the histone will change how tightly wound the DNA molecule will be.
DNA is a negatively charge molecule and unmodified histones are positively charge.
therefore,changes in the charge of the histone will change how tightly wound the DNA molecule will be.
By adding chemical modifications like acetyl groups,the charge becomes less positive,and the binding of DNA to the histones is relaxed.
By adding chemical modifications like acetyl groups,the charge becomes less positive.
the binding of DNA to the histones is relaxed.
The DNA molecule itself can also be modified by methylation.
DNA methylation occurs within very specific regions called cpg islands.
These are stretchs with a high frequency of cytosine and guanine dinucleotide DNA pairs found in the promoter regions of genes.
Methylated genes are usually silence,although methylation may have other regulatory effects.
In some cases,genes that are silence during the development of the gametes of one parent are transmitted in their silence condition to the offspring.
Such genes are said to be imprinted.
Parental diet or other environmental conditions may also affect the methylation patterns of genes,which in turn modifies gene expression.
chromatin organization interact with DNA methylation.
DNA methyltransferases appear to be attracted to chromatin regions with specific histone modifications.
Highly methylated DNA regions with deacetylated histones are tightly coil and transcriptionally inactive.
Modifications affect nucleosome spacing and gene expression.
Epigenetic changes are not permanent,although they often persist through multiple rounds of cell division and may even cross generational lines.
silence,the histone proteins and DNA have different modifications that signal a closed chromosomal configuration.
However,unlike prokaryotic cells,the eukaryotic RNA polymerase requires other proteins,or transcription factors,to facilitate transcription initiation.
However,unlike prokaryotic cells,the eukaryotic RNA polymerase requires other proteins.
RNA polymerase by itself cannot initiate transcription in eukaryotic cells.
There are two types of transcription factors that regulate eukaryotic transcription:General transcription factors bind to the core promoter region to assist with the binding of RNA polymerase.
The Promoter and the Transcription Machinery Genes are organized to make the control of gene expression easy.
The promoter region is immediately upstream of the cod sequence.
This region can be short or quite long.
This also adds more control to the transcription process.
The length of the promoter is gene-specific and can differ dramatically between genes.
Consequently,the level of control of gene expression can also differ quite dramatically between genes.
The purpose of the promoter is to bind transcription factors that control the initiation of transcription.
Within the core promoter region,25to 35basis upstream of the transcriptional start site,resides the TATA box.
The TATA box has the consensus sequence of 5'-TATAAA-3'.
The TATA box is the bind site for a protein complex called TFIID,which contains a TATA-bind protein.
Some of these transcription factors help to bind the RNA polymerase to the promoter,and others help to activate the transcription initiation complex.
Some of these transcription factors help to bind the RNA polymerase to the promoter.
others help to activate the transcription initiation complex.
In addition to the TATA box,other bind sites are found in some promoters.
Examples of these elements are the CAAT box,with the consensus sequence 5'-CCAAT-3'and the GC box,with the consensus sequence 5'-GGGCGG-3'.
Specific transcription factors can bind to these promoter-proximal elements to regulate gene transcription.
A given gene may have its own combination of these specific transcription-factor bind sites.
Transcription factors respond to environmental stimulus that cause the proteins to find their bind sites and initiate transcription of the gene that is need.
These regions,called enhancers,are not necessarily close to the genes they enhance.
They can be located upstream of a gene,within the cod region of the gene,downstream of a gene,or may be thousands of nucleotides away.
They can be located upstream of a gene,within the cod region of the gene,downstream of a gene.
Enhancer regions are binding sequences,or sites,for specific transcription factors.
Enhancer regions are bind sequences.
When a protein transcription factor binds to its enhancer sequence,the shape of the protein changes,allowing it to interact with proteins at the promoter site.
However,since the enhancer region may be distant from the promoter,the DNA must bend to allow the proteins at the two sites to come into contact.
This shape change allows for the interaction of the specific activator proteins bind to the enhancers with the general transcription factors bind to the promoter region and the RNA polymerase.
An enhancer is a DNA sequence that promotes transcription.
Each enhancer is made up of short DNA sequences called distal control elements.
Activators bind to the distal control elements interact with mediator proteins and transcription factors.
Two different genes may have the same promoter but different distal control elements,enable differential gene expression.
Turn Genes Off:Transcriptional Repressors Like prokaryotic cells,eukaryotic cells also have mechanisms to prevent transcription.
Transcriptional repressors can bind to promoter or enhancer regions and block transcription.
As with the epigenetic and transcriptional stages of processing,this post-transcriptional step can also be regulated to control gene expression in the cell.
If the RNA is not process,shuttle,or translated,then no protein will be synthesize.
translated,then no protein will be synthesize.
RNA Splicing,the First Stage of Post-transcriptional Control In eukaryotic cells,the RNA transcript often contains regions,called introns,that are removed prior to translation.
Splicing is done by spliceosomes,ribonucleoprotein complexs that can recognize the two ends of the intron,cut the transcript at those two points,and bring the exons together for ligation.
Splicing is done by spliceosomes,ribonucleoprotein complexs that can recognize the two ends of the intron,cut the transcript at those two points.
Alternative RNA Splicing In the 1970s,genes were first observed that exhibit alternative RNA splicing.
Although there are multiple ways to alternatively splice RNA transcripts,the original 5'-3'order of the exons is always conserved.
However,alternative splicing could possibly create a protein variant without the loss of the original protein,open up possibilitys for adaptation of the new variant to new functions.
Gene duplication has played an important role in the evolution of new functions in a similar way by providing genes that may evolve without eliminating the original,functional protein.
The cause of amelanism in these snakes was recently identified as the insertion of a transposable element into an intron in the OCA2gene.
LINK TO LEARNING Visualize how mrna splicing happens by watch the process in action in this video.
Control of RNA Stability Before the mrna leaves the nucleus,it is given two protective "caps"that prevent the ends of the strand from degrading during its journey.
5'and 3'exonucleases can degrade unprotected rnas.
The 5'cap,which is place on the 5'end of the mrna,is usually composed of a methylated guanosine triphosphate molecule.
The GTP is place "backward"on the 5'end of the mrna,so that the 5'carbons of the GTP and the terminal nucleotide are link through three phosphates.
The poly-A tail,which is attached to the 3'end,is usually composed of a long chain of adenine nucleotides.
These changes protect the two ends of the RNA from exonuclease attack.
Each RNA molecule has a defined lifespan and decays at a specific rate.
This rate of decay can influence how much protein is in the cell.
If the decay rate is increase,the RNA will not exist in the cytoplasm as long,shortening the time available for translation of the mrna to occur.
Conversely,if the rate of decay is decrease,the mrna molecule will reside in the cytoplasm long and more protein can be translated.
This rate of decay is referred to as the RNA stability.
If the RNA is stable,it will be detected for long periods of time in the cytoplasm.
rbps,can bind to the regions of the mrna just upstream or downstream of the protein-cod region.
They are not introns.
Rather,these are regions that regulate mrna localization,stability,and protein translation.
Rather,these are regions that regulate mrna localization,stability.
The binding of rbps to these regions can increase or decrease the stability of an RNA molecule,depending on the specific RBP that binds.
The protein-cod region of this process mrna is flanked by 5'and 3'untranslated regions.
The presence of RNA-bind proteins at the 5'or 3'UTR influences the stability of the RNA molecule.
RNA Stability and micrornas In addition to rbps that bind to and control RNA stability,other elements called micrornas can bind to the RNA molecule.
These micrornas,or miRNAs,are short RNA molecules that are only 21to 24nucleotides in length.
The mirnas are made in the nucleus as long pre-mirnas.
These pre-mirnas are chopped into mature mirnas by a protein called Dicer.
After RNA has been transport to the cytoplasm,it is translated into protein.
Control of this process is largely dependent on the RNA molecule.
As previously discussed,the stability of the RNA will have a large impact on its translation into a protein.
As the stability changes,the amount of time that it is available for translation also changes.
The Initiation Complex and Translation Rate Like transcription,translation is control by proteins that bind and initiate the process.
In translation,the complex that assembles to start the process is referred to as the translation initiation complex.
In eukaryotes,translation is initiated by bind the initiating met-trnai to the 40Svaxbiw.
This trna is brought to the 40Svaxbiw by a protein initiation factor,eukaryotic initiation factor-2.
The eIF-2protein binds to the high-energy molecule guanosine triphosphate.
The trna-eIF2-GTP complex then binds to the 40Svaxbiw.
Several different initiation factors recognize the 5'cap of the mrna and proteins bind to the poly-A tail of the same mrna,form the mrna into a loop.
The cap-bind protein eIF4Fbrings the mrna complex together with the 40Svaxbiw complex.
The binding of eIF-2to the RNA is control by phosphorylation.
If eIF-2is phosphorylate,it undergoes a conformational change and cannot bind to GTP.
When eIF-2remains unphosphorylated,the initiation complex can form normally and translation can proceed.
An increase in phosphorylation levels of eIF-2has been observed in patients with neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's,Parkinson's,and Huntington's.
An increase in phosphorylation levels of eIF-2has been observed in patients with neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's,Parkinson's.
Chemical Modifications,Protein Activity,and Longevity Proteins can be chemically modified with the addition of groups including methyl,phosphate,acetyl,and ubiquitin groups.
Longevity Proteins can be chemically modified with the addition of groups including methyl,phosphate,acetyl.
Sometimes these modifications can regulate where a protein is found in the cell—for example,in the nucleus,in the cytoplasm,or attached to the plasma membrane.
Sometimes these modifications can regulate where a protein is found in the cell—for example,in the nucleus,in the cytoplasm.
Chemical modifications occur in response to external stimulus such as stress,the lack of nutrients,heat,or ultraviolet light exposure.
Chemical modifications occur in response to external stimulus such as stress,the lack of nutrients,heat.
These changes can alter epigenetic accessibility,transcription,mrna stability,or translation—all result in changes in expression of various genes.
These changes can alter epigenetic accessibility,transcription,mrna stability.
This is an efficient way for the cell to rapidly change the levels of specific proteins in response to the environment.
One way to control gene expression,therefore,is to alter the longevity of the protein.
Cancer is not a single disease but includes many different diseases.
In cancer cells,mutations modify cell-cycle control and cells don'tpegculcajtat growing as they normally would.
Mutations can also alter the growth rate or the progression of the cell through the cell cycle.
For cells to move through each phase of the cell cycle,the cell must pass through checkpoints.
This ensures that the cell has properly complete the step and has not encountered any mutation that will alter its function.
Many proteins,including cyclin B,control these checkpoints.
The phosphorylation of cyclin B,a post-translational event,alters its function.
As a result,cells can progress through the cell cycle unimpeded,even if mutations exist in the cell and its growth should be terminate.
This post-translational change of cyclin B prevents it from control the cell cycle and contributes to the development of cancer.
Cancer:Disease of Altered Gene Expression Cancer can be described as a disease of altered gene expression.
This can be the result of gene mutation or changes in gene regulation.
Changes in epigenetic regulation,transcription,RNA stability,protein translation,and post-translational control can be detected in cancer.
post-translational control can be detected in cancer.
Scientists are work to understand the common changes that give rise to certain types of cancer or how a modification might be exploited to destroy a tumor cell.
Tumor Suppressor Genes,Oncogenes,and Cancer In normal cells,some genes function to prevent excess,inappropriate cell growth.
Cancer In normal cells,some genes function to prevent excess,inappropriate cell growth.
These are tumor-suppressor genes,which are active in normal cells to prevent uncontrolled cell growth.
The most study tumor-suppressor gene is p53,which is mutated in over 50percent of all cancer types.
It can bind to sites in the promoters of genes to initiate transcription.
Therefore,the mutation of p53in cancer will dramatically alter the transcriptional activity of its target genes.
Proto-oncogenes are positive cell-cycle regulators.
When mutated,proto-oncogenes can become oncogenes and cause cancer.
Overexpression of the oncogene can lead to uncontrolled cell growth.
An example of an oncogene involved in cancer is a protein called myc.
Myc is a transcription factor that is aberrantly activated in Burkett'sQafwovbabyer,a cancer of the lymph system.
Overexpression of myc transforms normal B cells into cancerous cells that continue to grow uncontrollably.
High B-cell numbers can result in tumors that can interfere with normal bodily function.
Patients with Burkett'sqafwovbabyer can develop tumors on their jaw or in their mouth that interfere with the ability to eat.
In cancer cells,the DNA in the promoter region of silence genes is methylated on cytosine DNA residues in cpg islands.
This combination of DNA methylation and histone deacetylation is commonly found in cancer.
Increasingly,scientists understand how epigenetic changes are altered in cancer.
Indeed,many researchers are test how a silence gene can be switch back on in a cancer cell to help re-establish normal growth patterns.
Genes involved in the development of many other illness,range from allergys to inflammation to autism,are thought to be regulated by epigenetic mechanisms.
As our knowledge of how genes are control deepens,new ways to treat diseases like cancer will emerge.
Cancer and Transcriptional Control Alterations in cells that give rise to cancer can affect the transcriptional control of gene expression.
Mutations that activate transcription factors,such as increase phosphorylation,can increase the binding of a transcription factor to its bind site in a promoter.
This could lead to increase transcriptional activation of that gene that results in modified cell growth.
Alternatively,a mutation in the DNA of a promoter or enhancer region can increase the bind ability of a transcription factor.
This could also lead to the increase transcription and aberrant gene expression that is seen in cancer cells.
Researchers have been investigating how to control the transcriptional activation of gene expression in cancer.
a pathway that activates where a gene can be turn off,has lead to new drugs and new ways to treat cancer.
In breast cancer,for example,many proteins are overexpressed.
This can lead to increase phosphorylation of key transcription factors that increase transcription.
One such example is the overexpression of the epidermal growth-factor receptor in a subset of breast cancers.
The EGFR pathway activates many protein kinases that,in turn,activate many transcription factors which control genes involved in cell growth.
Cancer and Post-transcriptional Control Changes in the post-transcriptional control of a gene can also result in cancer.
Recently,several groups of researchers have show that specific cancers have altered expression of mirnas.
Because mirnas bind to the 3'UTR of RNA molecules to degrade they,overexpression of these mirnas could be detrimental to normal cellular activity.
Too many mirnas could dramatically decrease the RNA population,lead to a decrease in protein expression.
Several studys have demonstrated a change in the mirna population in specific cancer types.
It appears that the subset of mirnas expressed in breast cancer cells is quite different from the subset expressed in lung cancer cells or even from normal breast cells.
This suggests that alterations in mirna activity can contribute to the growth of breast cancer cells.
These types of studys also suggest that if some mirnas are specifically expressed only in cancer cells,they could be potential drug targets.
It would,therefore,be conceivable that new drugs that turn off mirna expression in cancer could be an effective method to treat cancer.
Modifications are found in cancer cells from the increase translation of a protein to changes in protein phosphorylation to alternative splice variants of a protein.
The c-Flip protein,a protein involved in mediating the cell-death pathway,comes in two forms:long and short.
Both forms appear to be involved in initiating control cell-death mechanisms in normal cells.
Clearly,the expression of the wrong protein dramatically alters cell function and contributes to the development of cancer.
Many scientists are design drugs on the basis of the gene expression patterns within individual tumors.
This idea,that therapy and medicines can be tailored to an individual,has given rise to the field of personalized medicine.
With an increase understanding of gene regulation and gene function,medicines can be design to specifically target diseased cells without harm healthy cells.
Some new medicines,called targeted therapys,have exploited the overexpression of a specific protein or the mutation of a gene to develop a new medication to treat disease.
One such example is the use of anti-EGF receptor medications to treat the subset of breast cancer tumors that have very high levels of the EGF protein.
Undoubtedly,more target therapys will be developed as scientists learn more about how gene expression changes can cause cancer.
Clinical Trial Coordinator A clinical trial coordinator is the person managing the proceedings of the clinical trial.
A clinical trial coordinator may have a science background,like a nursing degree,or other certification.
A clinical trial coordinator may have a science background,like a nursing degree.
People who have work in science labs or in clinical offices are also qualified to become a clinical trial coordinator.
These jobs are generally in hospitals;however,some clinics and doctor'slovfahweqs also conduct clinical trials and may hire a coordinator.
These jobs are generally in hospitals.
however,some clinics and doctor'slovfahweqs also conduct clinical trials and may hire a coordinator.
that is not translated into protein.
Prokaryotic organisms express mechanisms control access to the chromosomal region most of their genes most of the time.
However,some to allow genes to be turn on or off.
The DNA itself may be protein,the DNA is first transcribe into RNA,which is methylated to selectively silence genes.
The addition then translated into proteins,which are then targeted or removal of chemical modifications to to specific cellular locations.
In prokaryotic cells,histone proteins or DNA signals the cell to open or transcription and translation occur almost close a chromosomal region.
Additional transcription factors may also bind to other 16.2Prokaryotic Gene Regulation regulatory elements at the promoter to increase or The regulation of gene expression in prokaryotic cells prevent transcription.
Enhancers can be upstream,transcription:repressors and activators.
Activators bind to the promoter to enhancer regions may either increase or prevent enhance the binding of RNA polymerase.
molecules can increase transcription either by inactivating repressors or by activating activator 16.5Eukaryotic Post-transcriptional Gene proteins.
In the trp operon,the trp repressor is itself Regulation activated by bind to tryptophan.
which binds to the promoter to stabilize RNA This involves the removal of introns that do not code polymerase bind.
CAP is itself activated by camp,for protein.
Spliceosomes bind to the signals that mark whose concentration rises as the concentration of the exon/intron border to remove the introns and ligate glucose falls.
However,the lac operon also requires the the exons together.
Once this occurs,the RNA is presence of lactose for transcription to occur.
Alternative splicing can inactivates the lac repressor,and prevents the produce more than one mrna from a given transcript.
Alternative splicing can inactivates the lac repressor.
With Different splicing variants may be produce under the repressor inactivated,transcription may proceed.
Therefore glucose must be absent and lactose must be present for effective transcription of the lac operon.
Once the RNA is in the cytoplasm,the on the RNA.
Once a protein has been synthesize,it overall amount of protein that is synthesize.
These post-translational time in the cytoplasm,or decrease,lead to modifications can greatly impact the stability,shortened time and less protein synthesis.
stability is control by RNA-bind proteins and micrornas.
Changes at every level of eukaryotic gene RISC complexs may repress translation or lead to expression can be detected in some form of cancer at mrna breakdown.
To translate wrong in disease states including complex ones like the protein,a protein initiator complex must assemble cancer.
levels of eIF-2has been observed in patients 2.
development because of epigenetic changes to What impact do you think this might have on the chromatin.
a.Cells can become specialized within a a.only the transcriptional level multicellular organism.
b.epigenetic and transcriptional levels b.Organisms can conserve energy and c.epigenetic,transcriptional,and resources.
b.epigenetic and transcriptional levels b.Organisms can conserve energy and c.epigenetic,transcriptional.
translational levels c.Cells grow large to accommodate protein d.epigenetic,transcriptional,post-production.
If glucose is absent,but so is lactose,the lac 5.
Post-translational control refers to:operon will be ________.
Prokaryotic cells lack a nucleus.
Therefore,the translation genes in prokaryotic cells are:a.all expressed,all of the time 6.
and c are both true a.
More transcripts will be made from Gene B.9.
The ara operon is an inducible operon that b.Transcription of Gene A involves few controls the breakdown of the sugar arabinose.
When arabinose is present in a bacterium it c.Enhancers control Gene B'sqatdol.
the complex binds d.Transcription of Gene A is more controlled to the initiator site to promote transcription.
In than transcription of Gene B.this scenario,arac is a ________.
An unprocessed pre-mrna has the following a.allow DNA to be transcribe structure.
Alternative splicing has been estimated to occur 13.
What will result from the binding of a in more than 95%of multi-exon genes.
gene a.Alternative splicing increases diversity b.increase transcription of a distant gene without increase genome size.
Different gene isoforms can be expressed gene in different tissues.
d.initiation of the recruitment of RNA c.Alternative splicing creates short mrna polymerase transcripts.
Different gene isoforms can be expressed 14.
A scientist compares the promoter regions of during different stages of development.
Gene A'sqeldozkuy promoter plus proximal promoter elements encompasses 19.
Target therapys are use in patients with a hydrolysis capability.
How would this mutated set gene expression pattern.
The large ribosomal subunit would not be a.patients who express the EGFR receptor in able to interact with mrna transcripts.
normal cells c.trnai-Met would not scan mrna b.patients with a mutation that inactivates transcripts for the start codon.
the estrogen receptor d.eIF-2would not be able to interact with c.patients with lots of the estrogen receptor the small ribosomal subunit.
A mutation within the promoter region can alter 25.
A scientist identifies a potential transcription 27.
In cancer cells,alteration to epigenetic regulation site 300bppiwkurqasjim of a gene and modifications turns off genes that are normally hypothesizes that it is a repressor.
A scientific study demonstrated that rat degrading an RNA molecule.
Protein modification can alter gene expression in with inattentive mothers had high activation of many ways.
An proteins can alter gene expression.
additional study that swapped the pups at birth (i.e.,rats born to inattentive mothers grew up 36.
Alternative forms of a protein can be beneficial with attentive mothers and vice versa)show or harmful to a cell.
What do you think would the same positive effect of attentive mothering.
Some autoimmune diseases show a positive 37.
Changes in epigenetic modifications alter the correlation with dramatically decrease accessibility and transcription of DNA.
A scientist discovers a virus encode a Protein X kill tumor cells.
that degrades a subunit of the eIF4Fluhnakpemrip.