#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 18—Evolution and the Origin of Species
#Auto-extract from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:396

All organisms are products of evolution adapted to their environment.
The Andean semiaquatic lizard discovered in Peru in 2010lifes between 1,570to 2,100meters in elevation,and,unlike most lizards,is nocturnal and swims.
Scientists still do not know how these cold-blood animals are able to move in the cold temperatures of the Andean night.
Although it may seem that live things today stay much the same,that is not the case—evolution is an ongoing process.
The theory of evolution is the unifying theory of biology,mean it is the framework within which biologists ask questions about the live world.
Its power is that it provides direction for predictions about live things that are borne out in ongoing experiments.
He mean that the tenet that all life has evolved and diversified from a common ancestor is the foundation from which we approach all questions in biology.
Evolution by natural selection describes a mechanism for how species change over time.
Scientists,philosophers,researchers,and others had made suggestions and debated this topic well before Darwin began to explore this idea.
others had made suggestions and debated this topic well before Darwin began to explore this idea.
Some at this time also accepted that there were extinct species.
This contrast with the predominant view that the planet'sqagzadveqron was a consequence of catastrophic events occur during a relatively brief past.
Nineteenth century geologist Charles Lyell popularized Hutton'sgeryaq.
In the early nineteenth century,Jean-Baptiste Lamarck published a book that detail a mechanism for evolutionary change.
While many discredited this mechanism for evolutionary change,Lamarck'smexkuqs were an important influence on evolutionary thought.
Charles Darwin and Natural Selection In the mid-nineteenth century,two naturalists,Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace,independently conceived and described the actual mechanism for evolution.
Importantly,each naturalist spent time exploring the natural world on expeditions to the tropics.
From 1831to 1836,Darwin travel around the world on H.M.S.Beagle,including stops in South America,Australia,and the southern tip of Africa.
From 1831to 1836,Darwin travel around the world on H.M.S.Beagle,including stops in South America,Australia.
Wallace travel to Brazil to collect insects in the Amazon rainforest from 1848to 1852and to the Malay Archipelago from 1854to 1862.
Darwin'smundontasxij,like Wallace'sxevyaxwetfug journeys to the Malay Archipelago,included stops at several island chains,the last being the Galápagos Islands west of Ecuador.
On these islands,Darwin observed species of organisms on different islands that were clearly similar,yet had distinct differences.
The species on the islands had a graded series of beak sizes and shapes with very small differences between the most similar.
He observed that these finchs closely resembled another finch species on the South American mainland.
Darwin imagined that the island species might be species modified from one of the original mainland species.
Upon further study,he realized that each finch'shedvaq beaks help the birds acquire a specific type of food.
For example,seed-eating finchs had strong,thick beaks for break seeds,and insect-eating finchs had spear-like beaks for stabbing their prey.
For example,seed-eating finchs had strong,thick beaks for break seeds.
insect-eating finchs had spear-like beaks for stabbing their prey.
He postulate that ancestral species'beaks had adapted over time to equip the finchs to acquire different food sources.
Wallace and Darwin both observed similar patterns in other organisms and they independently developed the same explanation for how and why such changes could take place.
Darwin called this mechanism natural selection.
Natural selection,or "survival of the fit,"is the more prolific reproduction of individuals with favorable traits that survive environmental change because of those traits.
"survival of the fit,"is the more prolific reproduction of individuals with favorable traits that survive environmental change because of those traits.
This leads to evolutionary change.
For example,Darwin observed a population of giant tortoises in the Galápagos Archipelago to have long necks than those that live on other islands with dry lowlands.
Consequently,long-neck tortoises would be more likely to be reproductively successful and pass the long-neck trait to their offspring.
Over time,only long-neck tortoises would be present in the population.
Natural selection,Darwin argued,was an inevitable outcome of three principles that operated in nature.
First,most characteristics of organisms are inherited,or pass from parent to offspring.
First,most characteristics of organisms are inherited.
Although no one,including Darwin and Wallace,know how this happened at the time,it was a common understanding.
Second,more offspring are produce than are able to survive,so resources for survival and reproduction are limited.
The capacity for reproduction in all organisms outstrips the availability of resources to support their numbers.
Both Darwin and Wallace'sdadqoqwoczah of this principle came from reading economist Thomas Malthus'essay that explained this principle in relation to human populations.
Third,offspring vary among each other in regard to their characteristics and those variations are inherited.
Because characteristics are inherited,these traits will be well represent in the next generation.
This will lead to change in populations over generations in a process that Darwin called descent with modification.
Ultimately,natural selection leads to great adaptation of the population to its local environment.
It is the only mechanism know for adaptive evolution.
His book outline in considerable detail his arguments for evolution by natural selection.
The Galápagos finchs are an excellent example.
Peter and Rosemary Grant and their colleagues have study Galápagos finch populations every year since 1976and have provided important evidence of natural selection.
The Grants found changes from one generation to the next in beak shape distribution with the medium ground finch on the Galápagos island of Daphne Major.
The birds have inherited a variation in their bill shape with some having wide deep bills and others having thin bills.
Therefore,the small-bill birds were able to survive and reproduce.
In the years following this El Niño,the Grants measure beak sizes in the population and found that the average bill size was small.
Since bill size is an inherited trait,parents with small bills had more offspring and the bill evolved into a much small size.
As conditions improved in 1987and large seeds became more available,the trend toward small average bill size cease.
People often participate in these activitys hoping to see wildlife.
The term field in this case refers to any location outdoors,even under water.
A field biologist tranquilizes a polar bear for study.
One objective of many field biologists includes discovering new,unrecorded species.
Not only do such findings expand our understanding of the natural world,but they also lead to important innovations in fields such as medicine and agriculture.
Plant and microbial species,in particular,can reveal new medicinal and nutritive knowledge.
Other organisms can play key roles in ecosystems or if rare require protection.
When discovered,researchers can use these important species as evidence for environmental regulations and laws.
Processes and Patterns of Evolution Natural selection can only take place if there is variation,or differences,among individuals in a population.
Processes and Patterns of Evolution Natural selection can only take place if there is variation.
Importantly,these differences must have some genetic basis;otherwise,the selection will not lead to change in the next generation.
Importantly,these differences must have some genetic basis.
otherwise,the selection will not lead to change in the next generation.
This is critical because nongenetic reasons can cause variation among individuals such as an individual'sgojmadmod because of well nutrition rather than different genes.
Genetic diversity in a population comes from two main mechanisms:mutation and sexual reproduction.
Mutation,a change in DNA,is the ultimate source of new alleles,or new genetic variation in any population.
Mutation,a change in DNA,is the ultimate source of new alleles.
The genetic changes that mutation causes can have one of three outcomes on the phenotype.
A mutation affects the organism'swinkan in a way that gives it reduced fitness—low likelihood of survival or few offspring.
A mutation may produce a phenotype with a beneficial effect on fitness.
Many mutations will also have no effect on the phenotype'sxulpif.
We call these neutral mutations.
Mutations may also have a whole range of effect sizes on the organism'sxulpif that expresses they in their phenotype,from a small effect to a great effect.
Sexual reproduction also leads to genetic diversity:when two parents reproduce,unique combinations of alleles assemble to produce the unique genotypes and thus phenotypes in each offspring.
We call a heritable trait that helps an organism'szeddoc and reproduction in its present environment an adaptation.
Scientists describe groups of organisms adapting to their environment when a genetic variation occurs over time that increases or maintains the population's"fit"to its environment.
A platypus'swamgam foot are an adaptation for swimming.
A snow leopard'spuyjagzag fur is an adaptation for live in the cold.
A cheetah'srikjib speed is an adaptation for catch prey.
The same traits are not always select because environmental conditions can change.
Large leafs require more water to maintain than small leafs,and the moist environment provided favorable conditions to support large leafs.
Large leafs require more water to maintain than small leafs.
the moist environment provided favorable conditions to support large leafs.
After thousands of years,the climate change,and the area no long had excess water.
After thousands of years,the climate change.
the area no long had excess water.
The evolution of species has result in enormous variation in form and function.
We call two species that evolve in diverse directions from a common point divergent evolution.
Flower plants evolved from a common ancestor.
In other cases,similar phenotypes evolve independently in distantly related species.
For example,flight has evolved in both bats and insects,and they both have structures we refer to as wings,which are adaptations to flight.
For example,flight has evolved in both bats and insects.
they both have structures we refer to as wings,which are adaptations to flight.
However,bat and insect wings have evolved from very different original structures.
We call this phenomenon convergent evolution,where similar traits evolve independently in species that do not share a recent common ancestry.
These physical changes occur over enormous time spans and help explain how evolution occurs.
Although natural selection may work in a single generation on an individual,it can take thousands or even millions of years for an entire species'genotype to evolve.
It is over these large time spans that life on earth has change and continues to change.
Evidence of Evolution The evidence for evolution is compelling and extensive.
Look at every level of organization in living systems,biologists see the signature of past and present evolution.
Fossils Fossils provide solid evidence that organisms from the past are not the same as those today,and fossils show the gradual evolutionary changes over time.
Fossils Fossils provide solid evidence that organisms from the past are not the same as those today.
fossils show the gradual evolutionary changes over time.
Scientists determine the age of fossils and categorize they from all over the world to determine when the organisms live relative to each other.
In this display,fossil hominids are arranged from old to new.
An artist'sqobyojpisqat of extinct species of the genus Equus reveals that these ancient species resembled the modern horse but varied in size.
Anatomy and Embryology Another type of evidence for evolution is the presence of structures in organisms that share the same basic form.
Over time,evolution lead to changes in the bones'shapes and sizes in different species,but they have maintained the same overall layout.
Scientists call these synonymous parts homologous structures.
The similar construction of these appendages indicates that these organisms share a common ancestor.
Some structures exist in organisms that have no apparent function at all,and appear to be residual parts from a past common ancestor.
Some structures exist in organisms that have no apparent function at all.
We call these unused structures without function vestigial structures.
Other examples of vestigial structures are wings on flightless birds,leaves on some cacti,and hind leg bones in whales.
Other examples of vestigial structures are wings on flightless birds,leaves on some cacti.
Not all similaritys represent homologous structures.
As explained in Determine Evolutionary Relationships,when similar characteristics occur because of environmental constraints and not due to a close evolutionary relationship,it is an analogy or homoplasy.
For example,insects use wings to fly like bats and birds,but the wing structure and embryonic origin are completely different.
On the other side,the bird and bat wings are homologous because the bones are inherited from a common ancestor,while the wings themselves are analogous as they evolved independently.
On the other side,the bird and bat wings are homologous because the bones are inherited from a common ancestor.
the wings themselves are analogous as they evolved independently.
Another piece of evidence of evolution is the convergence of form in organisms that share similar environments.
similaritys occur not because of common ancestry,but because of similar selection pressures—the benefits of predators not seeing they.
The white winter coat of the arctic fox and the ptarmigan'srahbujdetwuc are adaptations to their environments.
Embryology,the study of the anatomy of an organism'sbupkurhav to its adult form,also provides evidence of relatedness between now widely divergent groups of organisms.
As a result,structures that are absent in some groups often appear in their embryonic forms and disappear when they reach the adult or juvenile form.
These disappear in the adults of terrestrial groups but adult forms of aquatic groups such as fish and some amphibians maintain they.
Great ape embryos,including humans,have a tail structure during their development that they lose when they are bear.
Biogeography The geographic distribution of organisms on the planet follows patterns that we can explain good by evolution in conjunction with tectonic plate movement over geological time.
Broad groups that evolved before the supercontinent Pangaea break up are distributed worldwide.
Marsupial diversification in Australia and the absence of other mammals reflect Australia'sreyjij isolation.
Australia has an abundance of endemic species—species found nowhere else—which is typical of islands whose isolation by expanses of water prevents species from migrating.
Over time,these species diverge evolutionarily into new species that look very different from their ancestors that may exist on the mainland.
Molecular Biology Like anatomical structures,the molecular structures of life reflect descent with modification.
DNA'sjejxoktuchak reflects evidence of a common ancestor for all of life.
Fundamental divisions in life between the genetic code,DNA replication,and expression are reflected in major structural differences in otherwise conservative structures such as ribosome components and membrane structures.
expression are reflected in major structural differences in otherwise conservative structures such as ribosome components and membrane structures.
DNA sequences have also shed light on some of the mechanisms of evolution.
Nevertheless,the theory of evolution is a difficult concept and misconceptions about how it works abound.
LINK TO LEARNING This site addresses some of the main misconceptions associate with the theory of evolution.
In science,we understand a "theory"to be a body of thoroughly test and verified explanations for a set of observations of the natural world.
Scientists have a theory of the atom,a theory of gravity,and the theory of relativity,each which describes understand facts about the world.
Scientists have a theory of the atom,a theory of gravity.
In the same way,the theory of evolution describes facts about the live world.
As such,a theory in science has survived significant efforts to discredit it by scientists.
In contrast,a "theory"in common vernacular is a word mean a guess or suggested explanation.
This is a mischaracterization.
Individuals Evolve Evolution is the change in a population'shejcec composition over time,specifically over generations,result from differential reproduction of individuals with certain alleles.
When thinking about the evolution of a characteristic,it is probably good to think about the change of the average value of the characteristic in the population over time.
For example,when natural selection leads to bill-size change in medium ground finchs in the Galápagos,this does not mean that individual bills on the finchs are change.
Evolution Explains the Origin of Life It is a common misunderstanding that evolution includes an explanation of life'sfaprutlajguks.
Some of the theory'srakmats believe that it cannot explain the origin of life.
The theory does not try to explain the origin of life.
The theory of evolution explains how populations change over time and how life diversifies the origin of species.
It does not shed light on the beginnings of life including the origins of the first cells,which define life.
More effective reproducers would increase in frequency at the expense of inefficient reproducers.
While evolution does not explain the origin of life,it may have something to say about some of the process operating once pre-living entitys acquired certain propertys.
However,a second misunderstanding may arise by interpreting the statement to mean that the evolution is somehow intentional.
It is also important to understand that the variation that natural selection works on is already in a population and does not arise in response to an environmental change.
The resistance,which a gene causes,did not arise by mutation because of applying the antibiotic.
The gene for resistance was already present in the bacteria'spoljomvuq pool,likely at a low frequency.
The antibiotic,which kills the bacterial cells without the resistance gene,strongly selects individuals that are resistant,since these would be the only ones that survived and divide.
Experiments have demonstrated that mutations for antibiotic resistance do not arise as a result of antibiotic application.
Species do not become "well"over time.
They simply track their change environment with adaptations that maximize their reproduction in a particular environment at a particular time.
Evolution has no goal of making fast,big,more complex,or even smart species,despite the commonness of this kind of language in popular discourse.
Evolution has no goal of making fast,big,more complex.
A trait that fits in one environment at one time may well be fatal at some point in the future.
This holds equally well for insect and human species.
Although all life on earth shares various genetic similaritys,only certain organisms combine genetic information by sexual reproduction and have offspring that can then successfully reproduce.
Scientists call such organisms members of the same biological species.
Species and the Ability to Reproduce A species is a group of individual organisms that interbreed and produce fertile,viable offspring.
According to this definition,one species is distinguished from another when,in nature,it is not possible for matings between individuals from each species to produce fertile offspring.
Members of the same species share both external and internal characteristics,which develop from their DNA.
People'sKIXCEFDIW is likely to be more like their father or mother'sKIXCEFDIW than their cousin or grandparent'sKIXCEFDIW.
Organisms of the same species have the high level of DNA alignment and therefore share characteristics and behaviors that lead to successful reproduction.
Species'appearance can be misleading in suggesting an ability or inability to mate.
The poodle and cocker spaniel can reproduce to produce a breed know as the cockapoo.
In other cases,individuals may appear similar although they are not members of the same species.
Different species may have different genes that are active in development;therefore,it may not be possible to develop a viable offspring with two different sets of directions.
Different species may have different genes that are active in development.
therefore,it may not be possible to develop a viable offspring with two different sets of directions.
Thus,even though hybridization may take place,the two species still remain separate.
The African fish eagle is similar in appearance to the bald eagle,but the two birds are members of different species.
Populations of species share a gene pool:a collection of all the gene variants in the species.
Again,the basis to any changes in a group or population of organisms must be genetic for this is the only way to share and pass on traits.
When variations occur within a species,they can only pass to the next generation along two main pathways:asexual reproduction or sexual reproduction.
The change will pass on asexually simply if the reproducing cell possesses the change trait.
Therefore,reproduction plays a paramount role for genetic change to take root in a population or species.
In short,organisms must be able to reproduce with each other to pass new traits to offspring.
Speciation The biological definition of species,which works for sexually reproducing organisms,is a group of actual or potential interbreeding individuals.
Many species are similar enough that hybrid offspring are possible and may often occur in nature,but for the majority of species this rule generally holds.
The presence in nature of hybrids between similar species suggests that they may have descended from a single interbreeding species,and the speciation process may not yet be complete.
The presence in nature of hybrids between similar species suggests that they may have descended from a single interbreeding species.
the speciation process may not yet be complete.
The only illustration in Darwin'sOn the Origin of Species is a diagram show speciation events lead to biological diversity.
The diagram shows similaritys to phylogenetic charts that today illustrate the relationships of species.
Modern elephants evolve from the Palaeomastodon,a species that live in Egypt 35–50million years ago.
Biologists have proposed mechanisms by which this could occur that fall into two broad categorys.
Allopatric speciation involves geographic separation of populations from a parent species and subsequent evolution.
Sympatric speciation involves speciation occur within a parent species remain in one location.
Biologists think of speciation events as the splitting of one ancestral species into two descendant species.
A geographically continuous population has a gene pool that is relatively homogeneous.
Gene flow,the movement of alleles across a species'range,is relatively free because individuals can move and then mate with individuals in their new location.
Thus,an allele'sqokvutgiq at one end of a distribution will be similar to the allele'sqokvutgiq at the other end.
When populations become geographically discontinuous,it prevents alleles'free-flow.
When that separation lasts for a period of time,the two populations are able to evolve along different trajectorys.
Thus,their allele frequencys at numerous genetic loci gradually become increasingly different as new alleles independently arise by mutation in each population.
Typically,environmental conditions,such as climate,resources,predators,and competitors for the two populations will differ cause natural selection to favor divergent adaptations in each group.
competitors for the two populations will differ cause natural selection to favor divergent adaptations in each group.
The nature of the geographic separation necessary to isolate populations depends entirely on the organism'ssozxeq and its potential for dispersal.
If two fly insect populations took up residence in separate nearby valleys,chances are,individuals from each population would fly back and forth continuing gene flow.
However,if a new lake divide two rodent populations continued gene flow would be unlikely;therefore,speciation would be more likely.
However,if a new lake divide two rodent populations continued gene flow would be unlikely.
therefore,speciation would be more likely.
Biologists group allopatric process into two categorys:dispersal and vicariance.
Scientists have document numerous cases of allopatric speciation taking place.
For example,along the west coast of the United States,two separate spot owl subspecies exist.
The northern spot owl and the Mexican spot owl inhabit geographically separate locations with different climates and ecosystems.
The owl is an example of allopatric speciation.
Additionally,scientists have found that the further the distance between two groups that once were the same species,the more likely it is that speciation will occur.
Also,the hunting habits and prey choices of the southern owls vary from the northern owls.
These variances can lead to evolve differences in the owls,and speciation likely will occur.
These variances can lead to evolve differences in the owls.
speciation likely will occur.
Adaptive Radiation In some cases,a population of one species disperses throughout an area,and each finds a distinct niche or isolated habitat.
Adaptive Radiation In some cases,a population of one species disperses throughout an area.
each finds a distinct niche or isolated habitat.
Over time,the varied demands of their new lifestyles lead to multiple speciation events originating from a single species.
We call this adaptive radiation because many adaptations evolve from a single point of origin;thus,cause the species to radiate into several new ones.
We call this adaptive radiation because many adaptations evolve from a single point of origin.
The Hawaiian honeycreeper illustrates one example of adaptive radiation.
The honeycreeper birds illustrate adaptive radiation.
From one original species of bird,multiple others evolve,each with its own distinctive characteristics.
Evolution in response to natural selection base on specific food sources in each new habitat lead to evolution of a different beak suited to the specific food source.
The seed-eating bird has a thick,strong beak which is suited to break hard nuts.
The nectar-eating birds have long beaks to dip into flowers to reach the nectar.
The insect-eating birds have beaks like swords,appropriate for stabbing and impaling insects.
Darwin'smidtocgejs are another example of adaptive radiation in an archipelago.
The answer is yes.
We call the process of speciation within the same space sympatric.
One form of sympatric speciation can begin with a serious chromosomal error during cell division.
In this example,the result offspring will have 2n+1or 2n-1chromosomes.
Polyploidy is a condition in which a cell or organism has an extra set,or sets,of chromosomes.
Polyploidy is a condition in which a cell or organism has an extra set.
Scientists have identified two main types of polyploidy that can lead to reproductive isolation of an individual in the polyploidy state.
Reproductive isolation is the inability to interbreed.
These new gametes will be incompatible with the normal gametes that this plant species produces.
However,they could either self-pollinate or reproduce with other autopolyploid plants with gametes having the same diploid number.
In this way,sympatric speciation can occur quickly by form offspring with 4nserhiskaswac we call a tetraploid.
These individuals would immediately be able to reproduce only with those of this new kind and not those of the ancestral species.
The prefix "allo-"means "other":therefore,an allopolyploid occurs when gametes from two different species combine.
In this example,a normal gamete from one species fuses with a polyploidy gamete from another.
Two matings are necessary to produce viable offspring.
The cultivated forms of wheat,cotton,and tobacco plants are all allopolyploids.
tobacco plants are all allopolyploids.
Although polyploidy occurs occasionally in animals,it takes place most commonly in plants.
Scientists have discovered more than half of all plant species study relate back to a species evolve through polyploidy.
With such a high rate of polyploidy in plants,some scientists hypothesize that this mechanism takes place more as an adaptation than as an error.
Many types of diverging characters may affect the reproductive isolation,the ability to interbreed,of the two populations.
Reproductive isolation can take place in a variety of ways.
Scientists organize they into two groups:prezygotic barriers and postzygotic barriers.
Therefore,a prezygotic barrier is a mechanism that blocks reproduction from taking place.
This includes barriers that prevent fertilization when organisms attempt reproduction.
A postzygotic barrier occurs after zygote formation.
This includes organisms that don'tsurvive the embryonic stage and those that are bear sterile.
Some types of prezygotic barriers prevent reproduction entirely.
Many organisms only reproduce at certain times of the year,often just annually.
Differences in breeding schedules,which we call temporal isolation,can act as a form of reproductive isolation.
These two related frog species exhibit temporal reproductive isolation.
Rana aurora breeds early in the year than Rana boylii.
We call this situation habitat isolation.
a new group exists that is now reproductively and genetically independent.
The habitats need not be far apart.
The cricket Gryllus pennsylvanicus prefers sandy soil,and the cricket Gryllus firmus prefers loamy soil.
The cricket Gryllus pennsylvanicus prefers sandy soil.
the cricket Gryllus firmus prefers loamy soil.
The two species can live in close proximity,but because of their different soil preferences,they became genetically isolated.
For example,male fireflys use specific light patterns to attract females.
Various firefly species display their lights differently.
If a male of one species tried to attract the female of another,she would not recognize the light pattern and would not mate with the male.
We call this a gametic barrier.
Similarly,in some cases closely related organisms try to mate,but their reproductive structures simply do not fit together.
For example,damselfly males of different species have differently shape reproductive organs.
If one species tries to mate with the female of another,their body parts simply do not fit together.
The shape of the male reproductive organ varies among male damselfly species,and is only compatible with the female of that species.
The shape of the male reproductive organ varies among male damselfly species.
Reproductive organ incompatibility keeps the species reproductively isolated.
In plants,certain structures aimed to attract one type of pollinator simultaneously prevent a different pollinator from access the pollen.
The wide foxglove flower is adapted for pollination by bees,while the long,tube-shape trumpet creeper flower is adapted for pollination by hummingbirds.
The wide foxglove flower is adapted for pollination by bees.
the long,tube-shape trumpet creeper flower is adapted for pollination by hummingbirds.
When fertilization takes place and a zygote forms,postzygotic barriers can prevent reproduction.
Hybrid individuals in many cases cannot form normally in the womb and simply do not survive past the embryonic stages.
In another postzygotic situation,reproduction leads to hybrid birth and growth that is sterile.
Therefore,the organisms are unable to reproduce offspring of their own.
We call this hybrid sterility.
Habitat Influence on Speciation Sympatric speciation may also take place in ways other than polyploidy.
Over time,those feeding on the second food source would interact more with each other than the other fish;therefore,they would breed together as well.
Over time,those feeding on the second food source would interact more with each other than the other fish.
therefore,they would breed together as well.
Offspring of these fish would likely behave as their parents:feeding and live in the same area and keeping separate from the original population.
If this group of fish continued to remain separate from the first population,eventually sympatric speciation might occur as more genetic differences accumulate between they.
This scenario does play out in nature,as do others that lead to reproductive isolation.
One such place is Lake Victoria in Africa,famous for its sympatric speciation of cichlid fish.
Researchers have found hundreds of sympatric speciation events in these fish,which have not only happened in great number,but also over a short period of time.
In this locale,two types of cichlids live in the same geographic location but have come to have different morphologys that allow they to eat various food sources.
Cichlid fish from Lake Apoyeque,Nicaragua,show evidence of sympatric speciation.
Lake Apoyeque,a crater lake,is 1800years old,but genetic evidence indicates that a single population of cichlid fish populated the lake only 100years ago.
Nevertheless,two populations with distinct morphologys and diets now exist in the lake,and scientists believe these populations may be in an early stage of speciation.
Nevertheless,two populations with distinct morphologys and diets now exist in the lake.
scientists believe these populations may be in an early stage of speciation.
Reconnection After speciation,two species may recombine or even continue interact indefinitely.
Individual organisms will mate with any nearby individual with whom they are capable of breeding.
We call an area where two closely related species continue to interact and reproduce,form hybrids a hybrid zone.
the species continue to diverge until they can no long mate and produce viable offspring.
Barriers remain the same if hybrids are fit and reproductive:stability may occur and hybridization continues.
After speciation has occur,the two separate but closely related species may continue to produce offspring in an area called the hybrid zone.
Reinforcement,fusion,or stability may result,depending on reproductive barriers and the relative fitness of the hybrids.
stability may result,depending on reproductive barriers and the relative fitness of the hybrids.
Hybrids can be either less fit than the parents,more fit,or about the same.
Hybrids can be either less fit than the parents,more fit.
Usually hybrids tend to be less fit;therefore,such reproduction diminishes over time,nudging the two species to diverge further in a process we call reinforcement.
Usually hybrids tend to be less fit.
therefore,such reproduction diminishes over time,nudging the two species to diverge further in a process we call reinforcement.
Scientists use this term because the hybrids'low success reinforces the original speciation.
Scientists have also observed that sometimes two species will remain separate but also continue to interact to produce some individuals.
Scientists classify this as stability because no real net change is taking place.
Varying Rates of Speciation Scientists around the world study speciation,document observations both of live organisms and those found in the fossil record.
As their ideas take shape and as research reveals new details about how life evolves,they develop models to help explain speciation rates.
In terms of how quickly speciation occurs,we can observe two current patterns:gradual speciation model and punctuated equilibrium model.
In the gradual speciation model,species diverge gradually over time in small steps.
While punctuated equilibrium suggests a fast tempo,it does not necessarily exclude gradualism.
In gradual speciation,species diverge at a slow,steady pace as traits change incrementally.
In punctuated equilibrium,species diverge quickly and then remain unchanged for long periods of time.
a.Punctuated equilibrium is most likely to occur in a small population that experiences a rapid change in its environment.
Punctuated equilibrium is most likely to occur in a large population that lives in a stable climate.
c.Gradual speciation is most likely to occur in species that live in a stable climate.
Gradual speciation and punctuated equilibrium both result in the divergence of species.
The primary influence factor on changes in speciation rate is environmental conditions.
Under some conditions,selection occurs quickly or radically.
The tiny population faces new environmental conditions.
Because its gene pool quickly became so small,any variation that surfaces and that aids in surviving the new conditions becomes the predominant form.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit this website to continue the speciation story of the snails.
These organisms pass their favorable traits to their offspring.
Evolution may be next generation.
Over time,populations evolve more convergent with similar traits evolve in multiple characteristics that are beneficial to their survival.
pressures,genetic variation must be present.
Both pathways isolate a closely related species can occur in areas called hybrid population reproductively in some form.
Organisms reproduce with other similar of reproductive isolation act as barriers between organisms.
Scientists exist as genetically independent species.
The other model demonstrates how change can reproduction after fertilization occurs.
For a new occur quickly from a parent generation to a new species to develop,something must introduce a species.
Both models continue to follow natural reproductive barrier.
Sympatric speciation can occur selection patterns.
through errors in meiosis that form gametes with extra chromosomes.
Punctuated equilibrium is most likely to 2.
Which scientific concept did Charles Darwin and a.
A certain duck has a blue beak.
A mutation occur to a flower.
Most cheetahs live solitary lifes.
Worms and snakes both move without other and one grows large than the other.
Two types of fish eat the same kind of c.
Some bats and birds have wings that allow food,and one is well able to gather food they to fly.
Some bats and birds have wings that allow food.
d.all of the above c.Male lions compete for the right to mate with females,with only one possible 8.
Which situation would most likely lead to winner.
d.all of the above a.Flood causes the formation of a new lake.
A storm causes several large trees to fall 6.
A mutation causes a new trait to develop.
An injury causes an organism to seek out a d.when offspring of the same parents new food source.
What is the main difference between dispersal 13.
a.One leads to allopatric speciation,a.It does not share its habitat with related whereas the other leads to sympatric species.
It does not exist out of a single habitat.
It does not exchange genetic information organism,and the other involves a change with other species.
It does not exchange genetic information organism.
It does not undergo evolutionary changes c.
One involves closely related organisms,14.
Which variable increases the likelihood of b.
Two species of birds display different b.long distance between divided groups mating dances.
c.increase instances of hybrid formation d.
Two species of insects produce infertile d.equivalent numbers of individuals in each offspring.
Which term is use to describe the continued 11.
Which components of speciation would be least 12.
plant seeds in one area,how would natural 21.
Why do scientists consider vestigial structures 22.
What might take 24.