#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 19—The Evolution of Populations
#Auto-extract from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:283

Live things may be single-celled or complex,multicellular organisms.
They may be plants,animals,fungus,bacteria,or archaea.
They may be plants,animals,fungus,bacteria.
This diversity results from evolution.
Scientists consider evolution a key concept to understand life.
However,natural selection can only,as its name implies,select—it cannot create.
We can attribute novel traits and behaviors to another evolutionary force—mutation.
Mutation and other sources of variation among individuals,as well as the evolutionary forces that act upon they,alter populations and species.
This combination of process has lead to the world of life we see today.
People did not understand the mechanisms of inheritance,or genetics,at the time Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace were developing their idea of natural selection.
People did not understand the mechanisms of inheritance.
genetics,at the time Charles Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace were developing their idea of natural selection.
The predominant genetic theory of the time,blend inheritance,made it difficult to understand how natural selection might operate.
Darwin and Wallace were unaware of the Austrian monk Gregor Mendel's1866publication "Experiments in Plant Hybridization",which came out not long after Darwin'sxacmuckoh,On the Origin of Species.
Scholars rediscovered Mendel'scefrutxohyop in the early twentieth century at which time geneticists were rapidly coming to an understanding of the basics of inheritance.
Initially,the newly discovered particulate nature of genes made it difficult for biologists to understand how gradual evolution could occur.
Generally,this concept is accepted today.
The theory also connects population change over time,with the process that gave rise to new species and high taxonomic groups with widely divergent characters.
EVERYDAY CONNECTION Evolution and Flu Vaccines Every fall,the medium starts reporting on flu vaccinations and potential outbreaks.
Scientists,health experts,and institutions determine recommendations for different parts of the population,predict optimal production and inoculation schedules,create vaccines,and set up clinics to provide inoculations.
institutions determine recommendations for different parts of the population,predict optimal production and inoculation schedules,create vaccines.
You may think of the annual flu shot as media hype,an important health protection,or just a briefly uncomfortable prick in your arm.
You may think of the annual flu shot as media hype,an important health protection.
The medium hype of annual flu shots is scientifically ground in our understanding of evolution.
Each year,scientists across the globe strive to predict the flu strains that they anticipate as most widespread and harmful in the coming year.
They base this knowledge on how flu strains have evolve over time and over the past few flu seasons.
Scientists then work to create the most effective vaccine to combat those select strains.
Pharmaceutical companys produce hundreds of millions of dos in a short period in order to provide vaccinations to key populations at the optimal time.
Because virus,like the flu,evolve very quickly,this poses quite a challenge.
Evolution of these virus means continued adaptations to ensure survival,including adaptations to survive previous vaccines.
Population Genetics Recall that a gene for a particular character may have several alleles,or variants,that code for different traits associate with that character.
Population Genetics Recall that a gene for a particular character may have several alleles.
For example,in the ABO blood type system in humans,three alleles determine the particular blood-type carbohydrate on the surface of red blood cells.
Mendel followed alleles as they were inherited from parent to offspring.
In the early twentieth century,biologists in the area of population genetics began to study how selective forces change a population through changes in allele and genotypic frequencys.
The allele frequency is the rate at which a specific allele appears within a population.
Until now we have discussed evolution as a change in the characteristics of a population of organisms,but behind that phenotypic change is genetic change.
In population genetics,scientists define the term evolution as a change in the allele'sqokvutgiq in a population.
For 1example,a study in Jordan found a frequency of IA to be 26.1percent.
The IB and I0alleles comprise 13.4percent and 60.5percent of the alleles respectively,and all of the frequencys added up to 100percent.
The IB and I0alleles comprise 13.4percent and 60.5percent of the alleles respectively.
all of the frequencys added up to 100percent.
A change in this frequency over time would constitute evolution in the population.
The allele frequency within a given population can change depending on environmental factors;therefore,certain alleles become more widespread than others during the natural selection process.
The allele frequency within a given population can change depending on environmental factors.
therefore,certain alleles become more widespread than others during the natural selection process.
Natural selection can alter the population'shejcec makeup.
Over time,the allele will spread throughout the population.
The gene pool is the sum of all the alleles in a population.
Natural selection and genetic drift usually occur simultaneously in populations and are not isolated events.
It is hard to determine which process dominates because it is often nearly impossible to determine the cause of change in allele frequencys at each occurrence.
We call an event that initiates an allele frequency change in an isolated part of the population,which is not typical of the original population,the founder effect.
Natural selection,random drift,and founder effects can lead to significant changes in a population'shatnenzabsij.
founder effects can lead to significant changes in a population'shatnenzabsij.
Hardy-Weinberg Principle of Equilibrium In the early twentieth century,English mathematician Godfrey Hardy and German physician Wilhelm Weinberg state the principle of equilibrium to describe the population'shejcec makeup.
The Hardy-Weinberg principle assumes an infinitely large population and conditions with no mutations,migration,emigration,or selective pressure for or against genotype.
The Hardy-Weinberg principle assumes an infinitely large population and conditions with no mutations,migration,emigration.
While no population can satisfy those conditions,the principle offers a useful model against which to compare real population changes.
Work under this theory,population geneticists represent different alleles as different variables in their mathematical models.
If these are the only two possible alleles for a given locus in the population,p +q =1.
In other words,all the p alleles and all the q alleles comprise all of the alleles for that locus in the population.
If we observe the phenotype,we can know only the homozygous recessive allele'shahjocfuq.
The calculations provide an estimate of the remain genotypes.
In other words,the frequency of pp individuals is simply p2;the frequency of pq individuals is 2pq;and the frequency of qq individuals is q2.
In other words,the frequency of pp individuals is simply p2.
the frequency of pq individuals is 2pq.
and the frequency of qq individuals is q2.
When populations are in the Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium,the allelic frequency is stable from generation to generation and we can determine the allele distribution from the Hardy-Weinberg equation.
If the allelic frequency measure in the field differs from the predicted value,scientists can make inferences about what evolutionary forces are at play.
In plants,violet flower color is dominant over white.
Of course,even Hardy and Weinberg recognized that no natural population is immune to evolution.
Populations in nature are constantly change in genetic makeup due to drift,mutation,possibly migration,and selection.
Populations in nature are constantly change in genetic makeup due to drift,mutation,possibly migration.
As a result,the only way to determine the exact distribution of phenotypes in a population is to go out and count they.
However,the Hardy-Weinberg principle gives scientists a mathematical baseline of a non-evolve population to which they can compare evolve populations and thereby infer what evolutionary forces might be at play.
If the frequencys of alleles or genotypes deviate from the value expected from the Hardy-Weinberg equation,then the population is evolve.
A population'sbeptuss often display different phenotypes,or express different alleles of a particular gene,which scientists refer to as polymorphisms.
A population'sbeptuss often display different phenotypes.
We call populations with two or more variations of particular characteristics polymorphic.
The distribution of phenotypes in this litter of kittens illustrates population variation.
Genetic variability Natural selection and some of the other evolutionary forces can only act on heritable traits,namely an organism'shejcec code.
Acquired traits,for the most part,are not heritable.
For example,if an athlete works out in the gym every day,build up muscle strength,the athlete'ssermucves will not necessarily grow up to be a body builder.
If there is a genetic basis for the ability to run fast,on the other hand,a parent may pass this to a child.
LINK TO LEARNING Before Darwinian evolution became the prevailing theory of the field,French naturalist Jean-Baptiste Lamarck theorized that organisms could inherit acquired traits.
While the majority of scientists have not support this hypothesis,some have recently begun to realize that Lamarck was not completely wrong.
Heritability is the fraction of phenotype variation that we can attribute to genetic differences,or genetic variability,among individuals in a population.
Heritability is the fraction of phenotype variation that we can attribute to genetic differences.
The great the heritability of a population'specruv variation,the more susceptible it is to the evolutionary forces that act on heritable variation.
We call the diversity of alleles and genotypes within a population genetic variability.
Changes in allele frequencys that we identify in a population can shed light on how it is evolve.
The pack leader will father more offspring,who share half of his genes,and are likely to also grow big and strong like their father.
The pack leader will father more offspring,who share half of his genes.
Over time,the genes for big size will increase in frequency in the population,and the population will,as a result,grow large on average.
Over time,the genes for big size will increase in frequency in the population.
the population will,as a result,grow large on average.
That is,this would occur if this particular selection pressure,or driving selective force,were the only one act on the population.
That is,this would occur if this particular selection pressure.
In other examples,well camouflage or a strong resistance to drought might pose a selection pressure.
In this example,rabbits with the brown coat color allele are dominant over rabbits with the white coat color allele.
In the first generation,the two alleles occur with equal frequency in the population,result in p and q values of .5.
Only two individuals in the second generation reproduce,and by chance these individuals are homozygous dominant for brown coat color.
by chance these individuals are homozygous dominant for brown coat color.
As a result,in the third generation the recessive b allele is lost.
Small populations are more susceptible to the forces of genetic drift.
Large populations,alternatively,are buffer against the effects of chance.
In a population of 100,that'sqozjuyyopzoj 1percent of the overall gene pool;therefore,it is much less impactful on the population'shejcec structure.
In a population of 100,that'sqozjuyyopzoj 1percent of the overall gene pool.
therefore,it is much less impactful on the population'shejcec structure.
Natural events,such as an earthquake disaster that kills—at random—a large portion of the population,can magnify genetic drift.
At once,the survivors'genetic structure becomes the entire population'shejcec structure,which may be very different from the pre-disaster population.
In this situation,those individuals are an unlikely representation of the entire population,which results in the founder effect.
This is probably because a high-than-normal proportion of the founding colonists carried these mutations.
As a result,the population expresses unusually high incidences of Huntington'spurpav and Fanconi anemia,a genetic disorder know to cause blood marrow and congenital abnormalitys—even 2cancer.
Background:When an earthquake or hurricane suddenly wipes out much of a population,the surviving individuals are usually a random sampling of the original group.
As a result,the population'shejcec makeup can change dramatically.
We call this phenomenon the bottleneck effect.
yellow beads might represent red,blue.
This represents the surviving individuals after a natural disaster kills a majority of the population.
Remember,these populations all came from the same exact parent population.
This is because natural disasters are not selective—they kill and spare individuals at random.
While some populations are fairly stable,others experience more flux.
Many plants,for example,send their pollen far and wide,by wind or by bird,to pollinate other populations of the same species some distance away.
Mutation Mutations are changes to an organism'sKIXCEFDIW and are an important driver of diversity in populations.
Species evolve because of mutations accumulate over time.
The appearance of new mutations is the most common way to introduce novel genotypic and phenotypic variability.
Some mutations are unfavorable or harmful and are quickly eliminated from the population by natural selection.
Others are beneficial and will spread through the population.
Some mutations do not do anything and can linger,unaffected by natural selection,in the genome.
Some can have a dramatic effect on a gene and the result phenotype.
Nonrandom Mating If individuals nonrandomly mate with their peers,the result can be a change population.
One reason is simple mate choice.
For example,female peahens may prefer peacocks with big,bright tails.
Natural selection picks traits that lead to more mating selections for an individual.
One common form of mate choice,called assortative mating,is an individual'smazjuy to mate with partners who are phenotypically similar to themselves.
Another cause of nonrandom mating is physical location.
This is especially true in large populations spread over vast geographic distances where not all individuals will have equal access to one another.
Some might be miles apart through woods or over rough terrain,while others might live immediately nearby.
Some might be miles apart through woods or over rough terrain.
others might live immediately nearby.
Environmental Variation Genes are not the only players involved in determine population variation.
A beachgoer is likely to have dark skin than a city dweller,for example,due to regular exposure to the sun,an environmental factor.
For some species,the environment determines some major characteristics,such as sex.
For example,some turtles and other reptiles have temperature-dependent sex determination.
TSD means that individuals develop into males if their eggs are incubated within a certain temperature range,or females at a different temperature range.
TSD means that individuals develop into males if their eggs are incubated within a certain temperature range.
However,environmental variation can affect evolution through natural selection favoring different alleles and shape different phenotypes in different environments.
The temperature at which the eggs are incubated determine the American alligator'skakgannajbin.
Eggs incubated at 30°C produce females,and eggs incubated at 33°C produce males.
Eggs incubated at 30°C produce females.
eggs incubated at 33°C produce males.
Geographic separation between populations can lead to differences in the phenotypic variation between those populations.
We see such geographical variation between most populations and it can be significant.
We can observe one type of geographic variation,a cline,as given species'populations vary gradually across an ecological gradient.
Species of warm-blooded animals,for example,tend to have large bodys in the cool climates close to the earth'snomsatsulcays,allowing they to well conserve heat.
This is a latitudinal cline.
Alternatively,flower plants tend to bloom at different times depending on where they are along a mountain slope.
This is an altitudinal cline.
If there is gene flow between the populations,the individuals will likely show gradual differences in phenotype along the cline.
Restricted gene flow,alternatively can lead to abrupt differences,even speciation.
Scientists call this process adaptive evolution.
It selects for individuals with great contributions to the gene pool of the next generation.
Scientists call this an organism'sdofsuy fitness.
Fitness is often quantifiable and is measure by scientists in the field.
However,it is not an individual'spipgofnab fitness that counts,but rather how it compares to the other organisms in the population.
Scientists call this concept relative fitness,which allows researchers to determine which individuals are contributing additional offspring to the next generation,and thus,how the population might evolve.
Scientists call this concept relative fitness,which allows researchers to determine which individuals are contributing additional offspring to the next generation.
thus,how the population might evolve.
As natural selection influences the allele frequencys in a population,individuals can either become more or less genetically similar and the phenotypes can become more similar or more disparate.
Mouse that carry alleles that make they a bit light or a bit dark will stand out against the ground and be more likely to fall victim to predation.
As a result of this selection,the population'shejcec variability will decrease.
A classic example of this type of selection is the evolution of the peppered moth in eighteenth-and nineteenth-century England.
Prior to the Industrial Revolution,the moths were predominately light in color,which allowed they to blend in with the light-color trees and lichens in their environment.
However,as soot began spewing from factorys,the trees darkened,and the light-color moths became easy for predatory birds to spot.
However,as soot began spewing from factorys,the trees darkened.
the light-color moths became easy for predatory birds to spot.
Similarly,the hypothetical mouse population may evolve to take on a different coloration if something were to cause the forest floor where they live to change color.
The result of this type of selection is a shift in the population'shejcec variability toward the new,fit phenotype.
LINK TO LEARNING In science,we sometimes believe some things are true,and then new information becomes available that changes our understanding.
LINK TO LEARNING In science,we sometimes believe some things are true.
then new information becomes available that changes our understanding.
The peppered moth story is an example:some scientists recently have question the facts behind the selection toward dark moths.
the intermediate phenotypes are,on average,less fit.
We see this in many animal populations that have multiple male forms.
Large,dominant alpha males use brute force to obtain mates,while small males can sneak in for furtive copulations with the females in an alpha male'ssaywulcuyles.
Large,dominant alpha males use brute force to obtain mates.
small males can sneak in for furtive copulations with the females in an alpha male'ssaywulcuyles.
In this scenario,light-color mouse that blend in with the sand would be favored,as well as dark-color mouse that can hide in the grass.
Medium-color mouse,alternatively would not blend in with either the grass or the sand,and thus predators would most likely eat they.
Medium-color mouse,alternatively would not blend in with either the grass or the sand.
thus predators would most likely eat they.
In stabilizing selection,an average phenotype is favored.
In diversifying selection,two or more extreme phenotypes are select for,while the average phenotype is select against.
In diversifying selection,two or more extreme phenotypes are select for.
the average phenotype is select against.
In recent years,factorys have become clean,and release less soot into the environment.
In recent years,factorys have become clean.
Frequency-Dependent Selection Another type of selection,frequency-dependent selection,favors phenotypes that are either common or rare.
We can observe an interesting example of this type of selection in a unique group of Pacific Northwest lizards.
Male common side-blotched lizards come in three throat-color patterns:orange,blue,and yellow.
Male common side-blotched lizards come in three throat-color patterns:orange,blue.
Each of these forms has a different reproductive strategy:orange males are the strong and can fight other males for access to their females.
Blue males are medium-sized and form strong pair bonds with their mates.
Like a game of rock-paper-scissors,orange beats blue,blue beats yellow,and yellow beats orange in the competition for females.
Like a game of rock-paper-scissors,orange beats blue,blue beats yellow.
yellow beats orange in the competition for females.
A yellow-throated side-blotched lizard is small than either the blue-throated or orange-throated males and appears a bit like the females of the species,allowing it to sneak copulations.
In this scenario,natural selection favors orange males when blue males dominate the population.
yellow males will be select for when orange males are the most populous.
As a result,populations of side-blotched lizards cycle in the distribution of these phenotypes—in one generation,orange might predominate,and then yellow males will begin to rise in frequency.
As a result,populations of side-blotched lizards cycle in the distribution of these phenotypes—in one generation,orange might predominate.
then yellow males will begin to rise in frequency.
Negative frequency-dependent selection serves to increase the population'shejcec variability by select for rare phenotypes;whereas,positive frequency-dependent selection usually decreases genetic variability by select for common phenotypes.
Negative frequency-dependent selection serves to increase the population'shejcec variability by select for rare phenotypes.
whereas,positive frequency-dependent selection usually decreases genetic variability by select for common phenotypes.
Sexual Selection Males and females of certain species are often quite different from one another in ways beyond the reproductive organs.
Males are often large,for example,and display many elaborate colors and adornments,like the peacock'snicqifzorxet,while females tend to be small and dull in decoration.
Males are often large,for example.
Males are often large,for example,and display many elaborate colors and adornments,like the peacock'snicqifzorxet.
females tend to be small and dull in decoration.
That is,some males—often the big,strong,or more decorated males—obtain the vast majority of the total matings,while others receive none.
more decorated males—obtain the vast majority of the total matings,while others receive none.
That is,some males—often the big,strong,or more decorated males—obtain the vast majority of the total matings.
others receive none.
because females will choose to mate with the big or more decorated males.
Females,however,tend to achieve a handful of select matings;therefore,they are more likely to select more desirable males.
Females,however,tend to achieve a handful of select matings.
therefore,they are more likely to select more desirable males.
Sexual dimorphism varies widely among species,and some species are even sex-role reverse.
Sexual dimorphism varies widely among species.
some species are even sex-role reverse.
We call the selection pressures on males and females to obtain matings sexual selection.
It can result in developing secondary sexual characteristics that do not benefit the individual'svomyockic of survival but help to maximize its reproductive success.
Sexual selection can be so strong that it selects traits that are actually detrimental to the individual'szeddoc.
While it is beautiful and the male with the large,most colorful tail is more likely to win the female,it is not the most practical appendage.
In addition to great visibility to predators,it makes the males slow in their attempt escapes.
The speculation is that large tails carry risk,and only the good males survive that risk:the big the tail,the more fit the male.
The speculation is that large tails carry risk.
only the good males survive that risk:the big the tail,the more fit the male.
We call this the handicap principle.
The good genes hypothesis states that males develop these impressive ornaments to show off their efficient metabolism or their ability to fight disease.
Females then choose males with the most impressive traits because it signals their genetic superiority,which they will then pass on to their offspring.
Although one may argue that females should not be picky because it will likely reduce their number of offspring,if well males father more fit offspring,it may be beneficial.
No Perfect Organism Natural selection is a driving force in evolution and can generate populations that are well adapted to survive and successfully reproduce in their environments.
However,natural selection cannot produce the perfect organism.
Natural selection can only select on exist variation in the population.
It does not create anything from scratch.
Thus,it is limit by a population'sjivhafqecdix genetic variability and whatever new alleles arise through mutation and gene flow.
Any given individual may carry some beneficial and some unfavorable alleles.
It is the alleles'net effect,or the organism'sxulpif,upon which natural selection can act.
It is the alleles'net effect.
As a result,good alleles can be lost if individuals who carry they also have several overwhelmingly bad alleles.
Likewise,bad alleles can be kept if individuals who have enough good alleles to result in an overall fitness benefit carry they.
Furthermore,natural selection can be constrained by the relationships between different polymorphisms.
The dark-color mouse may be,overall,more fit than the light-color mouse,and at first glance,one might expect the light-color mouse to be select for a dark coloration.
The dark-color mouse may be,overall,more fit than the light-color mouse.
at first glance,one might expect the light-color mouse to be select for a dark coloration.
Finally,it is important to understand that not all evolution is adaptive.
Evolution has no purpose—it is not change a population into a preconceived ideal.
It is simply the sum of the various forces that we have described in this chapter and how they influence the population'shejcec and phenotypic variability.
It Both genetic and environmental factors can cause describes the evolution of populations and species,phenotypic variation in a population.
Different alleles from small-scale changes among individuals to large-can confer different phenotypes,and different scale changes over paleontological time periods.
Different alleles from small-scale changes among individuals to large-can confer different phenotypes.
To environments can also cause individuals to look or act understand how organisms evolve,scientists can track differently.
When environmental conditions change.
In contrast,individuals leave or join the population,allele diversifying selection results in increase genetic frequencys can change as a result of gene flow.
variability by select for two or more distinct Mutations to an individual'sKIXCEFDIW may introduce new phenotypes.
Allele frequencys can also Other types of selection include frequency-dependent alter when individuals do not randomly mate with selection,in which individuals with either common others in the group.
As a result,males and females decrease the frequency of deleterious qualitys,it is experience different selective pressures,which can adaptive evolution.
In plants,violet flower color is 2.
would you expect to be homozygous dominant 3.
What is the difference between micro-and 5.
b.Microevolution describes the evolution of 6.
macroevolution a.a population with 12homozygous describes the evolution of whole recessive individuals,8homozygous organisms.
dominant trait,was one of the original colonists.
Today,we see a much high frequency of c.Inbreeding can bring together rare,polydactyly in the Amish population.
This is an deleterious mutations that lead to harmful example of:phenotypes.
the number of individuals in the a.natural selection population b.genetic drift d.gradual geographic variation across an c.gene flow ecological gradient d.random mating 13.
When males and females of a population look or act differently,it is referred to as ________.
when individuals mate with those who are a.why more fit individuals are more likely to least fit in the population have more offspring b.
Close relatives are genetically d.why individuals of one sex develop incompatible.
In a separate experiment,you discover 17.
In a field,you count 600blue flowers and 20018.