#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 20—Phylogenys and the History of Life
#Auto-extract from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:278

A bee'sjurkoxlahril is very different from a flower's,but the two organisms are related.
Both are members of the domain Eukarya and have cells containing many similar organelles,genes,and proteins.
Both are members of the domain Eukarya and have cells containing many similar organelles,genes.
In scientific terms,phylogeny is the evolutionary history and relationship of an organism or group of organisms.
A phylogeny describes the organism'stargeyseqpess,such as from which organisms it may have evolve,or to which species it is most closely related.
A phylogeny describes the organism'stargeyseqpess,such as from which organisms it may have evolve.
to which species it is most closely related.
Phylogenetic Trees Scientists use a tool called a phylogenetic tree to show the evolutionary pathways and connections among organisms.
A phylogenetic tree is a diagram use to reflect evolutionary relationships among organisms or groups of organisms.
Scientists consider phylogenetic trees to be a hypothesis of the evolutionary past since one cannot go back to confirm the proposed relationships.
Unlike a taxonomic classification diagram,we can read a phylogenetic tree like a map of evolutionary history.
Many phylogenetic trees have a single lineage at the base represent a common ancestor.
The small branch that plants and animals occupy in this diagram shows how recent and miniscule these groups are compared with other organisms.
Unrooted trees do not show a common ancestor but do show relationships among species.
The point where a split occurs,a branch point,represents where a single lineage evolve into a distinct new one.
We call a lineage that evolve early from the root that remains unbranched a basal taxon.
We call two lineages stem from the same branch point sister taxa.
A branch with more than two lineages is a polytomy and serves to illustrate where scientists have not definitively determine all of the relationships.
Organisms in two taxa may have split at a specific branch point,but neither taxon gave rise to the other.
A phylogenetic tree'syufzovxamrek indicates that an ancestral lineage gave rise to all organisms on the tree.
A branch point indicates where two lineages diverged.
A lineage that evolve early and remains unbranched is a basal taxon.
When two lineages stem from the same branch point,they are sister taxa.
A branch with more than two lineages is a polytomy.
The diagrams above can serve as a pathway to understand evolutionary history.
We can trace the pathway from the origin of life to any individual species by navigating through the evolutionary branchs between the two points.
Also,by start with a single species and trace back towards the "trunk"of the tree,one can discover species'ancestors,as well as where lineages share a common ancestry.
In addition,we can use the tree to study entire groups of organisms.
Another point to mention on phylogenetic tree structure is that rotation at branch points does not change the information.
Systematics is the field that scientists use to organize and classify organisms base on evolutionary relationships.
Researchers may use datum from fossils,from study the body part structures,or molecules that an organism us,and DNA analysis.
Researchers may use datum from fossils,from study the body part structures,or molecules that an organism us.
Researchers may use datum from fossils,from study the body part structures.
By combining datum from many sources,scientists can construct an organism'swowvihbisnuw.
Since phylogenetic trees are hypothesis,they will continue to change as researchers discover new types of life and learn new information.
Limitations of Phylogenetic Trees It may be easy to assume that more closely related organisms look more alike,and while this is often the case,it is not always true.
Limitations of Phylogenetic Trees It may be easy to assume that more closely related organisms look more alike.
while this is often the case,it is not always true.
If two closely related lineages evolve under significantly varied surroundings,it is possible for the two groups to appear more different than other groups that are not as closely related.
At each branch point,scientists place organisms with different characters in different groups base on share characteristics.
Another aspect of phylogenetic trees is that,unless otherwise indicated,the branchs do not account for length of time,only the evolutionary order.
In other words,a branch'sregpik does not typically mean more time pass,nor does a short branch mean less time pass—unless specified on the diagram.
like a real tree,it does not grow in only one direction after a new branch develops.
It only means that a new branch form.
Also,groups that are not closely related,but evolve under similar conditions,may appear more phenotypically similar to each other than to a close relative.
Classification Levels Taxonomy is the science of classifying organisms to construct internationally share classification systems with each organism place into increasingly more inclusive groupings.
One large space is divide into departments,such as produce,dairy,and meats.
One large space is divide into departments,such as produce,dairy.
Then each department further divides into aisles,then each aisle into categorys and brands,and then finally a single product.
Then each department further divides into aisles,then each aisle into categorys and brands.
We call this organization from large to small,more specific categorys a hierarchical system.
The taxonomic classification system uses a hierarchical model.
Move from the point of origin,the groups become more specific,until one branch ends as a single species.
For example,after the common beginning of all life,scientists divide organisms into three large categorys called domains:Bacteria,Archaea,and Eukarya.
For example,after the common beginning of all life,scientists divide organisms into three large categorys called domains:Bacteria,Archaea.
The taxonomic classification system uses a hierarchical model to organize living organisms into increasingly specific categorys.
The common dog,Canis lupus familiaris,is a subspecies of Canis lupus,which also includes the wolf and dingo.
The kingdom Animalia stems from the Eukarya domain.
Therefore,the full name of an organism technically has eight terms.
For the dog it is:Eukarya,Animalia,Chordata,Mammalia,Carnivora,Canidae,Canis,and lupus.
For the dog it is:Eukarya,Animalia,Chordata,Mammalia,Carnivora,Canidae,Canis.
Scientists generally refer to an organism only by its genus and species,which is its two-word scientific name,or binomial nomenclature.
Scientists generally refer to an organism only by its genus and species,which is its two-word scientific name.
Therefore,the scientific name of the dog is Canis lupus.
The name at each level is also a taxon.
In other words,dogs are in order Carnivora.
Carnivora is the name of the taxon at the order level;Canidae is the taxon at the family level,and so forth.
Carnivora is the name of the taxon at the order level.
Canidae is the taxon at the family level,and so forth.
Carnivora is the name of the taxon at the order level;Canidae is the taxon at the family level.
Organisms also have a common name that people typically use,in this case,dog.
Subspecies are members of the same species that are capable of mating and reproduce viable offspring,but they are separate subspecies due to geographic or behavioral isolation or other factors.
At each sublevel,the organisms become more similar because they are more closely related.
Historically,scientists classified organisms use characteristics,but as DNA technology develop,they have determine more precise phylogenys.
Dogs and wolfs are the same species because they can breed and produce viable offspring,but they are different enough to be classified as different subspecies.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit this website to explore the classifications of thousands of organisms.
reference site contains about 10%of the described species on the planet.
In addition,classification historically has focus on group organisms mainly by share characteristics and does not necessarily illustrate how the various groups relate to each other from an evolutionary perspective.
For example,despite the fact that a hippopotamus resembles a pig more than a whale,the hippopotamus may be the whale'scogvosxaw living relative.
Scientists must collect accurate information that allows they to make evolutionary connections among organisms.
Similar to detective work,scientists must use evidence to uncover the facts.
In the case of phylogeny,evolutionary investigations focus on two types of evidence:morphologic and genetic.
Two Options for Similarities In general,organisms that share similar physical features and genomes are more closely related than those that do not.
We refer to such features that overlap both morphologically and genetically as homologous structures.
They stem from developmental similaritys that are base on evolution.
For example,the bones in bat and bird wings have homologous structures.
The more complex the feature,the more likely any kind of overlap is due to a common evolutionary past.
That outcome would be highly improbable.
However,if two people both invented a hammer,we can reasonably conclude that both could have the original idea without the help of the other.
The same relationship between complexity and share evolutionary history is true for homologous structures in organisms.
Similarly,unrelated organisms may be distantly related,but appear very much alike.
This usually happens because both organisms share common adaptations that evolve within similar environmental conditions.
When similar characteristics occur because of environmental constraints and not due to a close evolutionary relationship,it is an analogy or homoplasy.
For example,insects use wings to fly like bats and birds,but the wing structure and embryonic origin is completely different.
On the other side,the bird and bat wings are homologous because the bones are inherited from a common ancestor,while the wings themselves are analogous as they evolve independently.
On the other side,the bird and bat wings are homologous because the bones are inherited from a common ancestor.
the wings themselves are analogous as they evolve independently.
Similar traits can be either homologous or analogous.
Homologous structures share a similar embryonic origin.
Analogous organs have a similar function.
For example,the bones in a whale'sxoxkeqwocyed flipper are homologous to the bones in the human arm.
These structures are not analogous.
A butterfly or bird'sgodkodfans are analogous but not homologous.
Scientists must determine which type of similarity a feature exhibits to decipher the organisms'phylogeny.
However,the honeybee wing is not composed of bones and has a distinctly different structure and embryonic origin.
LINK TO LEARNING This website has several examples to show how appearances can be misleading in understand organisms'phylogenetic relationships.
The advancement of DNA technology has given rise to molecular systematics,which is use of molecular datum in taxonomy and biological geography.
New computer programs not only confirm many early classified organisms,but also uncover previously made errors.
As with physical characteristics,even the DNA sequence can be tricky to read in some cases.
For some situations,two very closely related organisms can appear unrelated if a mutation occur that cause a shift in the genetic code.
Evolutionary biologists could list many reasons why understanding phylogeny is important to everyday life in human society.
clothing are a few examples.
If a plant contains a compound that is effective in treating cancer,scientists might want to examine all of the compounds for other useful drugs.
After test plant species in this family,the team found a DNA marker present.
Then,use the DNA to uncover phylogenetic relationships,the team could identify whether a newly discovered plant was in this family and assess its potential medicinal propertys.
Scientists found that D.sissoo shares a DNA marker with species within the Fabaceae family that have antifungal propertys.
Subsequently,researchers found that D.sissoo had fungicidal activity,support the idea that DNA markers are useful to screen plants with potential medicinal propertys.
After they sort the homologous and analogous traits,scientists often organize the homologous traits use cladistics.
This system sorts organisms into clades:groups of organisms that descended from a single ancestor.
Consequently,these organisms also have amniotic eggs and make a single clade,or a monophyletic group.
Consequently,these organisms also have amniotic eggs and make a single clade.
Clades must include all descendants from a branch point.
Thus,lizards,rabbits,and humans all belong to the clade Amniota.
humans all belong to the clade Amniota.
Vertebrata is a large clade that also includes fish and lamprey.
Clades can vary in size depending on which branch point one references.
The important factor is that all organisms in the clade or monophyletic group stem from a single point on the tree.
You can remember this because monophyletic breaks down into "mono,"mean one,and "phyletic,"mean evolutionary relationship.
You can remember this because monophyletic breaks down into "mono,"mean one.
Notice how each clade comes from a single point;whereas,the non-clade groups show branchs that do not share a single point.
whereas,the non-clade groups show branchs that do not share a single point.
A clade may contain multiple groups,as in the case of animals,fungus and plants,or a single group,as in the case of flagellates.
A clade may contain multiple groups,as in the case of animals,fungus and plants.
Groups that diverge at a different branch point,or that do not include all groups in a single branch point,are not clades.
that do not include all groups in a single branch point,are not clades.
Shared Characteristics Organisms evolve from common ancestors and then diversify.
Scientists use the phrase "descent with modification"because even though related organisms have many of the same characteristics and genetic codes,changes occur.
A change in an organism'shejcec makeup leads to a new trait which becomes prevalent in the group.
Many organisms descend from this point and have this trait.
New variations continue to arise:some are adaptive and persist,lead to new traits.
The tricky aspect to share ancestral and share derived characters is that these terms are relative.
We can consider the same trait one or the other depending on the particular diagram that we use.
For the Amniotes as a group,however,the amniotic egg is a share derived character that is not seen in fish.
These terms help scientists distinguish between clades in build phylogenetic trees.
Taxonomy is a subjective discipline:many organisms have more than one connection to each other,so each taxonomist will decide the order of connections.
To aid in the tremendous task of describing phylogenys accurately,scientists often use the concept of maximum parsimony,which means that events occur in the simple,most obvious way.
For scientists decipher evolutionary pathways,the same idea is use:the pathway of evolution probably includes the few major events that coincide with the evidence at hand.
These tools and concepts are only a few strategys scientists use to tackle the task of revealing the evolutionary history of life on Earth.
Recently,new technologys have uncovered surprising discoverys with unexpected relationships,such as the fact that people seem to be more closely related to fungi than fungus are to plants.
As the information about DNA sequences grows,scientists will become close to map the evolutionary history of all life on Earth.
Phylogenetic modeling concepts are constantly change.
It is one of the most dynamic fields of study in all biology.
Over the last several decades,new research has challenge scientists'ideas about how organisms are related.
The scientific community has proposed new models of these relationships.
Many phylogenetic trees are models of the evolutionary relationship among species.
This served as a prototype for subsequent studys for more than a century.
However,evidence from modern DNA sequence analysis and newly develop computer algorithms has cause skepticism about the standard tree model'sjuszuvpus in the scientific community.
The concept of the "tree of life"dates to an 1837Charles Darwin sketch.
Like an oak tree,the "tree of life"has a single trunk and many branchs.
Limitations to the Classic Model Classical thinking about prokaryotic evolution,included in the classic tree model,is that species evolve clonally.
That is,they produce offspring themselves with only random mutations cause the descent into the variety of modern-day and extinct species know to science.
Scientists did not consider the concept of genes transfer between unrelated species as a possibility until relatively recently.
Horizontal gene transfer,or lateral gene transfer,is the transfer of genes between unrelated species.
lateral gene transfer,is the transfer of genes between unrelated species.
HGT is an ever-present phenomenon,with many evolutionists postulate a major role for this process in evolution,thus complicating the simple tree model.
Genes pass between species which are only distantly related use standard phylogeny,thus adding a layer of complexity to understand phylogenetic relationships.
The various ways that HGT occurs in prokaryotes is important to understand phylogenys.
Although at present some do not view HGT as important to eukaryotic evolution,HGT does occur in this domain as well.
Horizontal Gene Transfer Horizontal gene transfer is the introduction of genetic material from one species to another species by mechanisms other than the vertical transmission from parent to offspring.
These transfers allow even distantly related species to share genes,influence their phenotypes.
Scientists believe that HGT is more prevalent in prokaryotes,but that this process transfers only about 2%of the prokaryotic genome.
Some researchers believe such estimates are premature:we must view the actual importance of HGT to evolutionary process as a work in progress.
As scientists investigate this phenomenon more thoroughly,they may reveal more HGT.
Many scientists believe that HGT and mutation are a significant source of genetic variation,which is the raw material in the natural selection process.
These transfers may occur between any two species that share an intimate relationship.
HGT in Prokaryotes HGT mechanisms are quite common in the Bacteria and Archaea domains,thus significantly change the way scientists view their evolution.
Microbiology students are well aware that genes transfer among common bacteria.
These gene transfers between species are the major mechanism whereby bacteria acquire resistance to antibiotics.
Classically,scientists believe that three different mechanisms drive such transfers.
Transformation:bacteria takes up naked DNA 2.
More recently,scientists have discovered a fourth gene transfer mechanism between prokaryotes.
Small,virus-like particles,or gene transfer agents transfer random genomic segments from one prokaryote species to another.
gene transfer agents transfer random genomic segments from one prokaryote species to another.
gtas are responsible for genetic changes,sometimes at a very high frequency compared to other evolutionary process.
Scientists characterized the first GTA in 1974use purple,non-sulfur bacteria.
Control studys use marine bacteria have demonstrated gtas'ability to act with high frequency.
Scientists have estimate gene transfer events in marine prokaryotes,either by gtas or by virus,to be as high as 1013per year in the Mediterranean Sea alone.
gtas and virus are efficient HGT vehicles with a major impact on prokaryotic evolution.
As a consequence of this modern DNA analysis,the idea that eukaryotes evolve directly from Archaea has fall out of favor.
Furthermore,scientists have proposed genome fusion from Archaea and Bacteria by endosymbiosis as the ultimate event in eukaryotic evolution.
process was absent in eukaryotes.
After all,prokaryotes are but single cells exposed directly to their environment;whereas,the multicellular organisms'sex cells are usually sequestered in protected parts of the body.
After all,prokaryotes are but single cells exposed directly to their environment.
whereas,the multicellular organisms'sex cells are usually sequestered in protected parts of the body.
It follows from this idea that the gene transfers between multicellular eukaryotes should be more difficult.
Scientists believe this process is rare in eukaryotes and has a much small evolutionary impact than in prokaryotes.
In spite of this,HGT between distantly related organisms is evident in several eukaryotic species,and it is possible that scientists will discover more examples in the future.
In spite of this,HGT between distantly related organisms is evident in several eukaryotic species.
it is possible that scientists will discover more examples in the future.
In plants,researchers have observed gene transfer in species that cannot cross-pollinate by normal means.
Transposons or "jumping genes"have show a transfer between rice and millet plant species.
Aphids are insects that vary in color base on carotenoid content.
Carotenoids are pigments that a variety of plants,fungus,and microbes produce,and they serve a variety of functions in animals,who obtain these chemicals from their food.
Carotenoids are pigments that a variety of plants,fungus.
they serve a variety of functions in animals,who obtain these chemicals from their food.
Humans require carotenoids to synthesize vitamin A,and we obtain they by eating orange fruits and vegetables:carrots,apricots,mangos,and sweet potatos.
Humans require carotenoids to synthesize vitamin A.
we obtain they by eating orange fruits and vegetables:carrots,apricots,mangos.
Alternatively,aphids have acquired the ability to make the carotenoids on their own.
According to DNA analysis,this ability is due to fungal genes transfer into the insect by HGT,presumably as the insect consume fungus for food.
Genes necessary to make this pigment are present in certain fungus,and scientists speculate that aphids acquired these genes through HGT after consume fungus for food.
scientists speculate that aphids acquired these genes through HGT after consume fungus for food.
If mutation inactivates the genes for making carotenoids,the aphids revert back to their green color.
Red coloration makes the aphids considerably more conspicuous to predators,but evidence suggests that red aphids are more resistant to insecticides than green ones.
Thus,red aphids may be more fit to survive in some environments than green ones.
Genome Fusion and Eukaryote Evolution Scientists believe the ultimate in HGT occurs through genome fusion between different prokaryote species when two symbiotic organisms become endosymbiotic.
This mechanism is an aspect of the Endosymbiont Theory,which most biologists accept as the mechanism whereby eukaryotic cells obtained their mitochondria and chloroplasts.
However,the role of endosymbiosis in develop the nucleus is more controversial.
Scientists believe that nuclear and mitochondrial DNA have different evolutionary origins,with the mitochondrial DNA being derived from the bacteria'sxifqegfaf genomes engulfed by ancient prokaryotic cells.
We can regard mitochondrial DNA as the small chromosome.
Interestingly enough,mitochondrial DNA is inherited only from females.
some eukaryotic genes resemble those of Archaea;whereas,others resemble those from Bacteria.
some eukaryotic genes resemble those of Archaea.
whereas,others resemble those from Bacteria.
An endosymbiotic fusion event,such as Lake has proposed,would clearly explain this observation.
Alternatively,this work is new and the CR algorithm is relatively unsubstantiated,which causes many scientists to resist this hypothesis.
The double membrane would be a direct result of the endosymbiosis,with the endosymbiont picking up the second membrane from the host as it was internalized.
Scientists have also use this mechanism to explain the double membranes in mitochondria and chloroplasts.
Some are skeptical of Lake'scefrutxohyop,and the biological science community still debates his ideas.
Some are skeptical of Lake'scefrutxohyop.
the biological science community still debates his ideas.
One theory is that the prokaryotic cells produce an additional membrane that surrounded the bacterial chromosome.
Some bacteria have the DNA enclosed by two membranes.
Other proteobacteria also have membrane-bind chromosomes.
If the eukaryotic nucleus evolve this way,we would expect one of the two types of prokaryotes to be more closely related to eukaryotes.
The scientific community now widely accepts the theory that mitochondria and chloroplasts are endosymbiotic in origin.
All of these hypothesis are testable.
Only time and more experimentation will determine which hypothesis datum good supports.
Web and Network Models Recognizing the importance of HGT,especially in prokaryote evolution,has cause some to propose abandoning the classic "tree of life"model.
In 1999,W.Ford Doolittle proposed a phylogenetic model that resembles a web or a network more than a tree.
The hypothesis is that eukaryotes evolve not from a single prokaryotic ancestor,but from a pool of many species that were share genes by HGT mechanisms.
This is a phylogenetic model where all three domains of life evolve from a pool of primitive prokaryotes.
Lake,again use the condition reconstruction algorithm,proposes a ring-like model in which species of all three domains—Archaea,Bacteria,and Eukarya—evolve from a single pool of gene-swapping prokaryotes.
Lake,again use the condition reconstruction algorithm,proposes a ring-like model in which species of all three domains—Archaea,Bacteria.
However,other phylogeneticists remain highly skeptical of this model.
According to the "ring of life"phylogenetic model,the three domains of life evolve from a pool of primitive prokaryotes.
In summary,we must modify Darwin's"tree of life"model to include HGT.
This doesn'tkuqkoc a tree,web,or a ring will correlate completely to an accurate description of phylogenetic relationships of life.
This doesn'tkuqkoc a tree,web.
a ring will correlate completely to an accurate description of phylogenetic relationships of life.
However,the search for a more useful model moves on:each model serves as hypothesis to test with the possibility of develop new models.
This is how science advances.
Researchers use these models as visualizations to help construct hypothetical evolutionary relationships and understand the massive amount of datum that requires analysis.
Chapter Summary 20.1Organizing Life on Earth scientists build phylogenetic trees to illustrate evolutionary relationships.
Scientists continually gain new information that helps understand the evolutionary history of life on Earth.
Each group of organisms went through its own Relationships evolutionary journey,or its phylogeny.
Each group of organisms went through its own Relationships evolutionary journey.
morphologic and molecular datum,scientists work to Historically,scientists organized organisms into a identify homologous characteristics and genes.
Similaritys between organisms can stem either from this would be the path with the least number of major share evolutionary history or from divergences that correlate with the evidence.
Scientists can use new technologys to help distinguish homologys 20.3Perspectives on the Phylogenetic Tree from analogys.
They then apply the concept of maximum model that scientists use today.
What is the large clade in this 2.
They are derived by similar environmental a.mutations constraints.
They are a form of mutation.
a.They all share the same basic 6.
They evolve from a shared ancestor.
They usually fall into the same b.
Kingdoms are the top category of classification taxa.
They have identical phylogenys.
c.Class are divisions of orders.
d.Subspecies are the most specific category 11.
Why do scientists apply the concept of of classification.
c.to identify mutations in DNA codes a.sister taxa d.to locate homoplasies b.basal taxa c.root taxa 12.
They occur only as errors.
They are synonymous with homologous d.gene fusion traits.
How does a phylogenetic tree relate to the 20.
on a phylogenetic tree may not actually be closely related.
Dolphins and fish have similar body shapes.