#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 21—Viruses
#Auto-extract from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:417

The tobacco mosaic virus,seen here by transmission electron microscopy,was the first virus to be discovered.
The virus causes disease in tobacco and other plants,such as the orchid.
INTRODUCTION Virus are noncellular parasitic entitys that cannot be classified within any kingdom.
They can infect organisms as diverse as bacteria,plants,and animals.
They can infect organisms as diverse as bacteria,plants.
In fact,virus exist in a sort of netherworld between a live organism and a nonliving entity.
Live things grow,metabolize.
In contrast,virus are not cellular,do not have a metabolism or grow,and cannot divide by cell division.
In contrast,virus are not cellular,do not have a metabolism or grow.
Virus can copy,or replicate themselves;however,they are entirely dependent on resources derived from their host cells to produce progeny virus—which are assembled in their mature form.
however,they are entirely dependent on resources derived from their host cells to produce progeny virus—which are assembled in their mature form.
replicate themselves;however,they are entirely dependent on resources derived from their host cells to produce progeny virus—which are assembled in their mature form.
No one knows exactly when or how virus evolve or from what ancestral source because virus have not left a fossil record.
Some virologists contend that modern virus are a mosaic of bits and pieces of nucleic acids picked up from various sources along their respective evolutionary paths.
Virus are diverse entitys:They vary in structure,methods of replication,and the hosts they infect.
Virus are diverse entitys:They vary in structure,methods of replication.
Nearly all forms of life—from prokaryotic bacteria and archaeans,to eukaryotes such as plants,animals,and fungus—have virus that infect they.
fungus—have virus that infect they.
environmental conditions and how different species are related to one another through common descent),much about virus origins and evolution remains unknown.
Discovery and Detection Viruses were first discovered after the development of a porcelain filter—the Chamberland-Pasteur filter—that could remove all bacteria visible in the microscope from any liquid sample.
In 1886,Adolph Meyer demonstrated that a disease of tobacco plants—tobacco mosaic disease—could be transfer from a diseased plant to a healthy one via liquid plant extracts.
In 1892,Dmitri Ivanowski show that this disease could be transmitted in this way even after the Chamberland-Pasteur filter had removed all viable bacteria from the extract.
Still,it was many years before it was proved that these "filterable"infectious agents were not simply very small bacteria but were a new type of very small,disease-cause particle.
Most virions,or single virus particles,are very small,about 20to 250nanometers in diameter.
single virus particles,are very small,about 20to 250nanometers in diameter.
With the exception of large virions,like the poxvirus and other large DNA virus,virus cannot be seen with a light microscope.
The use of electron microscopy and other technologys has allowed for the discovery of many virus of all types of live organisms.
Most virus particles are visible only by electron microscopy.
In these transmission electron micrographs,a virus is as dwarf by the bacterial cell it infects,as these E.coli cells are dwarf by cultured colon cells.
Evolution of Viruses Although biologists have a significant amount of knowledge about how present-day viruses mutate and adapt,much less is know about how virus originated in the first place.
When exploring the evolutionary history of most organisms,scientists can look at fossil records and similar historic evidence.
Most scholars agree that virus don'thave a single common ancestor,nor is there a single reasonable hypothesis about virus origins.
One such hypothesis,the "devolution"or the regressive hypothesis,suggests that virus evolve from free-live cells,or from intracellular prokaryotic parasites.
One such hypothesis,the "devolution"or the regressive hypothesis,suggests that virus evolve from free-live cells.
However,many components of how this process might have occur remain a mystery.
A third hypothesis,the virus first hypothesis,suggests that virus may have been the first self-replicate entitys before the first cells.
In all cases,virus are probably continuing to evolve along with the cells on which they rely on as hosts.
These researchers hope one day to well understand the origin of virus—a discovery that could lead to advances in the treatments for the ailments they produce.
Viral Morphology Viruses are noncellular,mean they are biological entitys that do not have a cellular structure.
They therefore lack most of the components of cells,such as organelles,ribosomes,and the plasma membrane.
They therefore lack most of the components of cells,such as organelles,ribosomes.
A virion consists of a nucleic acid core,an outer protein coating or capsid,and sometimes an outer envelope made of protein and phospholipid membranes derived from the host cell.
A virion consists of a nucleic acid core,an outer protein coating or capsid.
Virus may also contain additional proteins,such as enzymes,within the capsid or attached to the viral genome.
The most obvious difference between members of different viral familys is the variation in their morphology,which is quite diverse.
An interesting feature of viral complexity is that the complexity of the host does not necessarily correlate with the complexity of the virion.
In fact,some of the most complex virion structures are found in the bacteriophages—virus that infect the simple living organisms,bacteria.
Morphology Viruses come in many shapes and sizes,but these features are consistent for each viral family.
As we have seen,all virions have a nucleic acid genome covered by a protective capsid.
The proteins of the capsid are encode in the viral genome,and are called capsomeres.
The proteins of the capsid are encode in the viral genome.
In general,the capsids of virus are classified into four groups:helical,icosahedral,enveloped,and head-and-tail.
In general,the capsids of virus are classified into four groups:helical,icosahedral,enveloped.
Helical capsids are long and cylindrical.
Many plant virus are helical,including TMV.
Icosahedral virus have shapes that are roughly spherical,such as those of poliovirus or herpesviruses.
Enveloped virus have membranes derived from the host cell that surrounds the capsids.
Animal virus,such as HIV,are frequently enveloped.
Head-and-tail virus infect bacteria and have a head that is similar to icosahedral virus and a tail shape like helical virus.
Many virus use some sort of glycoprotein to attach to their host cells via molecules on the cell called viral receptors.
For these virus,attachment is required for later penetration of the cell membrane;only after penetration takes place can the virus complete its replication inside the cell.
For these virus,attachment is required for later penetration of the cell membrane.
only after penetration takes place can the virus complete its replication inside the cell.
The receptors that viruses use are molecules that are normally found on cell surfaces and have their own physiological functions.
It appears that virus have simply evolve to make use of these molecules for their own replication.
The HIV virus binds the CD4receptor on the surface of human cells.
CD4receptors help white blood cells to communicate with other cells of the immune system when produce an immune response.
Adenovirus,a non-enveloped animal virus that causes respiratory illness in humans,uses glycoprotein spikes protruding from its capsomeres to attach to host cells.
Non-enveloped virus also include those that cause polio,plantar warts,and hepatitis A.
Non-enveloped virus also include those that cause polio,plantar warts.
Enveloped virions,such as the influenza virus,consist of nucleic acid and capsid proteins surrounded by a phospholipid bilayer envelope that contains virus-encode proteins.
Glycoproteins embedded in the viral envelope are use to attach to host cells.
Other envelope proteins are the matrix proteins that stabilize the envelope and often play a role in the assembly of progeny virions.
Chicken pox,HIV,and mumps are other examples of diseases cause by virus with envelopes.
mumps are other examples of diseases cause by virus with envelopes.
Because of the fragility of the envelope,non-enveloped virus are more resistant to changes in temperature,ph,and some disinfectants than enveloped virus.
Because of the fragility of the envelope,non-enveloped virus are more resistant to changes in temperature,pH.
Virus can be either complex or relatively simple in shape.
The influenza virus also has matrix proteins,internal to the envelope,which help stabilize the virion'snefdaszid.
a.All virus are encased in a viral membrane.
The capsomere is made up of small protein subunits called capsids.
c.DNA is the genetic material in all virus.
d.Glycoproteins help the virus attach to the host cell.
Types of Nucleic Acid Unlike nearly all live organisms that use DNA as their genetic material,virus may use either DNA or RNA.
The virus core contains the genome—the total genetic content of the virus.
This genetic material may be single-or double-strand.
It may also be linear or circular.
While most virus contain a single nucleic acid,others have genomes divide into several segments.
In DNA virus,the viral DNA directs the host cell'skatlibnimlof proteins to synthesize new copys of the viral genome and to transcribe and translate that genome into viral proteins.
Human diseases cause by DNA virus include chickenpox,hepatitis B,and adenovirus.
Human diseases cause by DNA virus include chickenpox,hepatitis B.
Sexually transmitted DNA virus include the herpes virus and the human papilloma virus,which has been associate with cervical cancer and genital warts.
RNA virus contain only RNA as their genetic material.
To replicate their genomes in the host cell,the RNA virus must encode their own enzymes that can replicate RNA into RNA or,in the retrovirus,into DNA.
For this reason,mutations in RNA virus occur more frequently than in DNA virus.
This causes they to change and adapt more rapidly to their host.
Human diseases cause by RNA virus include influenza,hepatitis C,measles,and rabies.
Human diseases cause by RNA virus include influenza,hepatitis C,measles.
The HIV virus,which is sexually transmitted,is an RNA retrovirus.
The Challenge of Virus Classification Because most virus probably evolve from different ancestors,the systematic methods that scientists have use to classify prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells are not very useful.
Biologists have use several classification systems in the past.
Virus were initially group by share morphology.
Later,groups of virus were classified by the type of nucleic acid they contained,DNA or RNA,and whether their nucleic acid was single-or double-strand.
Later,groups of virus were classified by the type of nucleic acid they contained,DNA or RNA.
whether their nucleic acid was single-or double-strand.
However,these early classification methods group virus differently,because they were base on different sets of characters of the virus.
Viral genomes may vary in the type of genetic material and its organization.
In some virus,additional proteins need for replication are associate directly with the genome or contained within the viral capsid.
The virus travels through neurons in the peripheral nervous system to the central nervous system,where it impairs brain function,and then travels to other tissues.
The virus travels through neurons in the peripheral nervous system to the central nervous system,where it impairs brain function.
The virus can infect any mammal,and most die within weeks of infection.
The virus can infect any mammal.
Smallpox is a human virus transmitted by inhalation of the variola virus,localized in the skin,mouth,and throat,which causes a characteristic rash.
Smallpox is a human virus transmitted by inhalation of the variola virus,localized in the skin,mouth.
Before its eradication in 1979,infection result in a 30to 35percent mortality rate.
Capsids are classified as naked icosahedral,enveloped icosahedral,enveloped helical,naked helical,and complex.
Capsids are classified as naked icosahedral,enveloped icosahedral,enveloped helical,naked helical.
Baltimore Classification The most commonly and currently use system of virus classification was first develop by Nobel Prize-winning biologist David Baltimore in the early 1970s.
Their mrna is produce by transcription in much the same way as with cellular DNA,use the enzymes of the host cell.
Group II virus have single-strand DNA as their genome.
Intermediates of dsrna,called replicative intermediates,are made in the process of copy the genomic RNA.
Group V virus contain ssrna genomes with a negative polarity,mean that their sequence is complementary to the mrna.
As with Group IV viruses,dsrna intermediates are use to make copys of the genome and produce mrna.
In this case,the negative-strand genome can be convert directly to mrna.
Additionally,full-length positive RNA strands are made to serve as templates for the production of the negative-strand genome.
Then,mrna can be produce by transcription of the viral DNA that was integrated into the host genome.
The characteristics of each group in the Baltimore classification are summarized in with examples of each group.
Virus are obligate,intracellular parasites.
A virus must first recognize and attach to a specific living cell prior to entering it.
After penetration,the invading virus must copy its genome and manufacture its own proteins.
Finally,the progeny virions must escape the host cell so that they can infect other cells.
Virus can infect only certain species of hosts and only certain cells within that host.
In most cases,the molecular basis for this specificity is due to a particular surface molecule know as the viral receptor on the host cell surface.
In addition,differences in metabolism and host-cell immune responses are a likely factor in determine which cells a virus may target for replication.
Steps of Virus Infections A virus must use its host-cell process to replicate.
The viral replication cycle can produce dramatic biochemical and structural changes in the host cell,which may cause cell damage.
These changes,called cytopathic effects,can change cell functions or even destroy the cell.
Many animal virus,such as HIV,leave the infected cells of the immune system by a process know as bud,where virions leave the cell individually.
During the bud process,the cell does not undergo lysis and is not immediately killed.
The specificity of this interaction determines the host—and the cells within the host—that can be infect by a particular virus.
This can be illustrated by thinking of several keys and several locks,where each key will fit only one specific lock.
LINK TO LEARNING This video explains how influenza attacks the body.
Entry Viruses may enter a host cell either with or without the viral capsid.
The nucleic acid of bacteriophages enters the host cell "naked,"leaving the capsid outside the cell.
Plant and animal virus can enter through endocytosis.
Some enveloped virus enter the cell when the viral envelope fuses directly with the cell membrane.
Once inside the cell,the viral capsid degrades,and then the viral nucleic acid is release and becomes available for replication and transcription.
then the viral nucleic acid is release and becomes available for replication and transcription.
The replication mechanism depends on the viral genome.
DNA virus usually use host-cell proteins and enzymes to replicate the viral DNA and to transcribe viral mrna,which is then use to direct viral protein synthesis.
RNA virus usually use the RNA core as a template for synthesis of viral genomic RNA and mrna.
The viral mrna directs the host cell to synthesize viral enzymes and capsid proteins,and assemble new virions.
The viral mrna directs the host cell to synthesize viral enzymes and capsid proteins.
If a host cell does not provide the enzymes necessary for viral replication,viral genes supply the information to direct synthesis of the missing proteins.
To convert RNA into DNA,retrovirus must contain genes that encode the virus-specific enzyme reverse transcriptase that transcribes an RNA template to DNA.
Reverse transcription never occurs in uninfected host cells—the enzyme reverse transcriptase is only derived from the expression of viral genes within the infected host cells.
The fact that HIV produces some of its own enzymes not found in the host has allowed researchers to develop drugs that inhibit these enzymes without affecting the host'svebyaqqafbag.
other virus can leave infected cells by bud through the membrane without directly killing the cell.
Following this,the virus is engulfed.
RNA and proteins are then made and assembled into new virions.
Influenza virus is package in a viral envelope that fuses with the plasma membrane.
This way,the virus can exit the host cell without killing it.
Different Hosts and Their Virus As you'velearned,virus often infect very specific hosts,as well as specific cells within the host.
This feature of a virus makes it specific to one or a few species of life on Earth.
On the other hand,so many different types of virus exist on Earth that nearly every living organism has its own set of virus trying to infect its cells.
Even prokaryotes,the small and simple of cells,may be attack by specific types of virus.
In the following section,we will look at some of the features of viral infection of prokaryotic cells.
Archaea have their own similar virus.
In bacteriophage with tails,like the one show here,the tails serve as a passageway for transmission of the phage genome.
Most bacteriophages are dsdna virus,which use host enzymes for DNA replication and RNA transcription.
Phage particles must bind to specific surface receptors and actively insert the genome into the host cell.
When infection of a cell by a bacteriophage results in the production of new virions,the infection is said to be productive.
An example of a lytic bacteriophage is T4,which infects Escherichia coli found in the human intestinal tract.
Sometimes,however,a virus can remain within the cell without being release.
An example of a lysogenic bacteriophage is the λ virus,which also infects the E.coli bacterium.
Virus that infect plant or animal cells may sometimes undergo infections where they are not produce virions for long periods.
An example is the animal herpesviruses,including herpes simplex viruses,the cause of oral and genital herpes in humans.
Even though there are similaritys between lysogeny and latency,the term lysogenic cycle is usually reserved to describe bacteriophages.
Latency will be described in more detail in the next section.
A temperate bacteriophage has both lytic and lysogenic cycles.
In the lysogenic cycle,phage DNA is incorporated into the host genome,where it is pass on to subsequent generations.
Environmental stressors such as starvation or exposure to toxic chemicals may cause the prophage to excise and enter the lytic cycle.
a.In the lytic cycle,new phages are produce and release into the environment.
In the lysogenic cycle,phage DNA is incorporated into the host genome.
An environmental stressor can cause the phage to initiate the lysogenic cycle.
d.Cell lysis only occurs in the lytic cycle.
Plant Virus Most plant virus,like the tobacco mosaic virus,have single-strand RNA genomes.
Unlike bacteriophages,plant virus do not have active mechanisms for delivering the viral genome across the protective cell wall.
For a plant virus to enter a new host plant,some type of mechanical damage must occur.
This damage is often cause by weather,insects,animals,fire,or human activitys like farming or landscaping.
This damage is often cause by weather,insects,animals,fire.
Movement from cell to cell within a plant can be facilitate by viral modification of plasmodesmata.
Additionally,plant offspring may inherit viral diseases from parent plants.
Plant virus can be transmitted by a variety of vectors,through contact with an infect plant'smucpodtijget,by live organisms such as insects and nematodes,and through pollen.
Plant virus can be transmitted by a variety of vectors,through contact with an infect plant'smucpodtijget,by live organisms such as insects and nematodes.
The transfer of a virus from one plant to another is know as horizontal transmission,whereas the inheritance of a virus from a parent is called vertical transmission.
The transfer of a virus from one plant to another is know as horizontal transmission.
Symptoms of viral diseases vary according to the virus and its host.
One common symptom is hyperplasia,the abnormal proliferation of cells that causes the appearance of plant tumors know as galls.
Other virus induce hypoplasia,or decrease cell growth,in the leafs of plants,cause thin,yellow areas to appear.
Other virus induce hypoplasia.
decrease cell growth,in the leafs of plants,cause thin,yellow areas to appear.
Still other virus affect the plant by directly killing plant cells,a process know as cell necrosis.
Plant virus can seriously disrupt crop growth and development,significantly affecting our food supply.
They are responsible for poor crop quality and quantity globally,and can bring about huge economic loss annually.
They are responsible for poor crop quality and quantity globally.
Others virus may damage plants use in landscaping.
Some virus that infect agricultural food plants include the name of the plant they infect,such as tomato spot wilt virus,bean common mosaic virus,and cucumber mosaic virus.
Some virus that infect agricultural food plants include the name of the plant they infect,such as tomato spot wilt virus,bean common mosaic virus.
In the ornamental rose,the rose mosaic disease causes wavy yellow lines and colored splotchs on the leafs of the plant.
The virus may even induce the host cell to cooperate in the infection process.
Non-enveloped or "naked"animal virus may enter cells in two different ways.
An alternative method of cell penetration use by non-enveloped virus is for capsid proteins to undergo shape changes after bind to the receptor,creating channels in the host cell membrane.
The viral genome is then "injected"into the host cell through these channels in a manner analogous to that use by many bacteriophages.
Enveloped virus also have two ways of entering cells after bind to their receptors:receptor-mediated endocytosis,or fusion.
Enveloped virus also have two ways of entering cells after bind to their receptors:receptor-mediated endocytosis.
On the other hand,fusion only occurs with enveloped virions.
After making their proteins and copy their genomes,animal virus complete the assembly of new virions and exit the cell.
On the other hand,non-enveloped viral progeny,such as rhinovirus,accumulate in infected cells until there is a signal for lysis or apoptosis,and all virions are release together.
On the other hand,non-enveloped viral progeny,such as rhinovirus,accumulate in infected cells until there is a signal for lysis or apoptosis.
all virions are release together.
As you will learn in the next module,animal virus are associate with a variety of human diseases.
Examples of acute viral diseases are the common cold and influenza.
Other virus cause long-term chronic infections,such as the virus cause hepatitis C,whereas others,like herpes simplex virus,only cause intermittent symptoms.
Other virus cause long-term chronic infections,such as the virus cause hepatitis C.
others,like herpes simplex virus,only cause intermittent symptoms.
thus we say these patients have an asymptomatic infection.
In hepatitis C infections,the virus grows and reproduces in liver cells,cause low levels of liver damage.
Chronic infection of the liver by this virus leads to a much great chance of develop liver cancer,sometimes as much as 30years after the initial infection.
As already discussed,herpes simplex virus can remain in a state of latency in nervous tissue for months,even years.
Latent infections are common with other herpesviruses as well,including the varicella-zoster virus that causes chickenpox.
Varicella-zoster,the virus that causes chickenpox,has an enveloped icosahedral capsid visible in this transmission electron micrograph.
Some animal-infect virus,including the hepatitis C virus discussed above,are know as oncogenic virus:They have the ability to cause cancer.
Oncogenic virus can be either DNA or RNA virus.
The virus,which is sexually transmitted,is oncogenic and can lead to cervical cancer.
LINK TO LEARNING This video shows the life cycle of a virus.
Virus can cause dozens of ailments in humans,range from mild illness to serious diseases.
Vaccines may be prepared use live virus,killed virus,or molecular subunits of the virus.
Vaccines may be prepared use live virus,killed virus.
Live viral vaccines are design in the laboratory to cause few symptoms in recipients while giving they protective immunity against future infections.
Polio was one disease that represent a milestone in the use of vaccines.
Polio epidemics occur with increase frequency and impact as the twentieth century progress,becoming a terrifying and tragic event each summer.
Tens of thousands of people die and many more were paralyzed;child made up a large portion of the victims.
child made up a large portion of the victims.
Use killed virus test on hela cell line,Jonas Salk develop a successful vaccine.
Mass immunization campaigns in the 1950sand 1960ssignificantly reduced the incidence of the disease.
The success of the polio vaccine paved the way for the routine dispensation of childhood vaccines against measles,mumps,rubella,chickenpox,and other diseases.
The success of the polio vaccine paved the way for the routine dispensation of childhood vaccines against measles,mumps,rubella,chickenpox.
These attenuated virus thus still cause infection,but they do not grow very well,allowing the immune response to develop in time to prevent major disease.
This type of scenario happened as recently as 2007in Nigeria where mutations in a polio vaccine lead to an epidemic of polio in that country.
Some vaccines are in continuous development because certain virus,such as influenza and HIV,have a high mutation rate compared to that of other virus and normal host cells.
Vaccines and Antiviral Drugs for Treatment In some cases,vaccines can be use to treat an active viral infection.
The concept behind this is that by giving the vaccine,immunity is boosted without adding more disease-cause virus.
Thus,the potentially fatal neurological consequences of the disease are averted,and the individual only has to recover from the infected bite.
Thus,the potentially fatal neurological consequences of the disease are averted.
the individual only has to recover from the infected bite.
This approach is also being use for the treatment of Ebola,one of the fast and most deadly virus on Earth.
Transmitted by bats and great apes,this disease can cause death in 70to 90percent of infected humans within two weeks.
Another way of treating viral infections is the use of antiviral drugs.
Because virus use the resources of the host cell for replication and the production of new virus proteins,it is difficult to block their activitys without damage the host.
For many years,scientists thought that drugs capable of impact virus would be too toxic for the body to endure.
For example,some of her medicines focus on purines,while others affected DNA polymerase.
For example,some of her medicines focus on purines.
others affected DNA polymerase.
However,we do have some effective antiviral drugs,such as those use to treat HIV and influenza.
Some antiviral drugs are specific for a particular virus and others have been use to control and reduce symptoms for a wide variety of viral diseases.
For most virus,antiviral drugs can inhibit the virus by block the actions of one or more of its proteins.
It is important to note that the target proteins be encode by viral genes and that these molecules are not present in a healthy host cell.
In this way,viral growth is inhibited without damage the host.
Elion'scefrutxohyop with George Hitchens not only lead to direct treatments,but,more importantly,change the entire methodology of drug development.
They were awarded the Nobel Prize in 1988.
Antivirals have been develop to treat genital herpes and influenza.
As the virus remains latent in nervous tissue of the body for life,this drug is not curative but can make the symptoms of the disease more manageable.
Tamiflu works by inhibiting an enzyme that allows new virions to leave their infected cells.
Thus,Tamiflu inhibits the spread of virus from infect to uninfected cells.
Other antiviral drugs,such as Ribavirin,have been use to treat a variety of viral infections,although its mechanism of action against certain virus remains unclear.
Tamiflu inhibits a viral enzyme called neuraminidase found in the influenza viral envelope.
Neuraminidase cleaves the connection between viral hemagglutinin,also found in the viral envelope,and glycoproteins on the host cell surface.
Neuraminidase cleaves the connection between viral hemagglutinin,also found in the viral envelope.
Inhibition of neuraminidase prevents the virus from detach from the host cell,thereby block further infection.
Anti-HIV drugs have been able to control viral replication to the point that individuals receiving these drugs survive for a significantly long time than the untreated.
A particular challenge with HIV is its tendency to mutate quickly within the body of an individual patient.
This leads to individual drug resistance,and requires a different treatment strategy than many other diseases.
This leads to individual drug resistance.
David Ho was among the first to propose and develop a method to treat multiple mutations of HIV at the same time.
Ho'sbejbugs were a turning point in fight AIDS.
HIV,an enveloped,icosahedral virus,attaches to the CD4receptor of an immune cell and fuses with the cell membrane.
Viral contents are release into the cell,where viral enzymes convert the single-strand RNA genome into DNA and incorporate it into the host genome.
By attack the virus at different stages of its replicative cycle,it is much more difficult for the virus to develop resistance to multiple drugs at the same time.
Thus,new anti-HIV drugs are constantly being develop with the hope of continuing the battle against this highly fatal virus.
The study of virus has lead to the development of a variety of new ways to treat non-viral diseases.
Gene therapy is use to treat genetic diseases such as severe combined immunodeficiency,a heritable,recessive disease in which child are bear with severely compromised immune systems.
One common type of SCID is due to the lack of an enzyme,adenosine deaminase,which breaks down purine basis.
To treat this disease by gene therapy,bone marrow cells are taken from a SCID patient and the ADA gene is insert.
their use relies on their ability to penetrate living cells and bring genes in with they.
Virus such as adenovirus,an upper-respiratory human virus,are modified by the addition of the ADA gene,and the virus then transports this gene into the cell.
Virus such as adenovirus,an upper-respiratory human virus,are modified by the addition of the ADA gene.
the virus then transports this gene into the cell.
The modified cells,now capable of making ADA,are then given back to the patients in the hope of cure they.
Gene therapy use virus as carriers of genes,although still experimental,holds promise for the treatment of many genetic diseases.
Still,many technological problems need to be solved for this approach to be a viable method for treating genetic disease.
Another medical use for virus relies on their specificity and ability to kill the cells they infect.
Oncolytic virus are engineered in the laboratory specifically to attack and kill cancer cells.
A genetically modified adenovirus know as H101has been use since 2005in clinical trials in China to treat head and neck cancers.
The results have been promise,with a great short-term response rate to the combination of chemotherapy and viral therapy than to chemotherapy treatment alone.
A third use of virus in medicine relies on their specificity and involves use bacteriophages in the treatment of bacterial infections.
Bacterial diseases have been treated with antibiotics since the 1940s.
However,over time,many bacteria have evolve resistance to antibiotics.
A good example is methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus,an infection commonly acquired in hospitals.
This bacterium is resistant to a variety of antibiotics,making it difficult to treat.
The use of bacteriophages specific for such bacteria would bypass their resistance to antibiotics and specifically kill they.
Although phage therapy is in use in the Republic of Georgia to treat antibiotic-resistant bacteria,its use to treat human diseases has not been approved in most countrys.
However,the safety of the treatment was confirmed in the United States when the U.S.Food and Drug Administration approved spraying meats with bacteriophages to destroy the food pathogen Listeria.
Prions and viroids are pathogens that have simple structures than virus but,in the case of prions,still can produce deadly diseases.
Fatal neurodegenerative diseases,such as kuru in humans and bovine spongiform encephalopathy in cattle were show to be transmitted by prions.
The disease was spread by the consumption of meat,nervous tissue,or internal organs between members of the same species.
The disease was spread by the consumption of meat,nervous tissue.
Kuru,native to humans in Papua New Guinea,was spread from human to human via ritualistic cannibalism.
BSE,originally detected in the United Kingdom,was spread between cattle by the practice of including cattle nervous tissue in feed for other cattle.
Individuals with kuru and BSE show symptoms of loss of motor control and unusual behaviors,such as uncontrolled bursts of laughter with kuru,followed by death.
On the other hand,BSE was initially thought to only affect cattle.
Cattle die of the disease were show to have develop lesions or "holes"in the brain,cause the brain tissue to resemble a sponge.
BSE still exists in various areas,and although a rare disease,individuals that acquire CJD are difficult to treat.
BSE still exists in various areas.
although a rare disease,individuals that acquire CJD are difficult to treat.
The disease can be spread from human to human by blood,so many countrys have banned blood donation from regions associate with BSE.
The cause of spongiform encephalopathys,such as kuru and BSE,is an infectious structural variant of a normal cellular protein called PrP.
It is this variant that constitutes the prion particle.
prp exists in two forms,prpc,the normal form of the protein,and prpsc,the infectious form.
prp exists in two forms,prpc,the normal form of the protein.
Once introduced into the body,the prpsc contained within the prion binds to prpc and converts it to prpsc.
This leads to an exponential increase of the prpsc protein,which aggregates.
prpsc is fold abnormally,and the result conformation is directly responsible for the lesions seen in the brains of infected cattle.
prpsc is fold abnormally.
the result conformation is directly responsible for the lesions seen in the brains of infected cattle.
Endogenous normal prion protein is convert into the disease-cause form when it encounters this variant form of the protein.
This prion-infect brain tissue,visualize use light microscopy,shows the vacuoles that give it a spongy texture,typical of transmissible spongiform encephalopathys.
Viroids Viroids are plant pathogens:small,single-strand,circular RNA particles that are much simple than a virus.
They do not have a capsid or outer envelope,but like virus can reproduce only within a host cell.
Viroids do not,however,manufacture any proteins,and they only produce a single,specific RNA molecule.
Viroids do not,however,manufacture any proteins.
they only produce a single,specific RNA molecule.
Human diseases cause by viroids have yet to be identify.
Some of the plants they infect include potatos,cucumbers,tomatos,chrysanthemums,avocados,and coconut palms.
Some of the plants they infect include potatos,cucumbers,tomatos,chrysanthemums,avocados.
These potatos have been infect by the potato spindle tuber viroid,which is typically spread when infected knifes are use to cut healthy potatos,which are then plant.
Virologist Virology is the study of virus,and a virologist is an individual train in this discipline.
Virologist Virology is the study of virus.
a virologist is an individual train in this discipline.
Training in virology can lead to many different career paths.
Virologists are actively involved in academic research and teaching in colleges and medical schools.
Some virologists treat patients or are involved in the generation and production of vaccines.
This virologist is engaged in fieldwork,sample eggs from this nest for avian influenza.
Many large medical centers have departments of virology,and small hospitals usually have virology labs within their microbiology departments.
Many large medical centers have departments of virology.
small hospitals usually have virology labs within their microbiology departments.
first-hand look at the work will help you decide whether a career in virology is right for you.
The American Society of Virology'sromxodyosbow is a good resource for information regard training and careers in virology.
Chapter Summary 21.1Viral Evolution,Morphology,and animals have the ability to cause cancer by interfering Classification with the regulation of the host cell cycle.
animals have the ability to cause cancer by interfering Classification with the regulation of the host cell cycle.
Virus are tiny,noncellular entitys that usually can be 21.3Prevention and Treatment of Viral seen only with an electron microscope.
Their genomes Infections contain either DNA or RNA—never both—and they Viruses cause a variety of diseases in humans.
Virus are diverse,infect archaea,the virus without cause major disease.
Virus have many us in medicines,such 21.2Virus Infections and Hosts as in the treatment of genetic disorders,cancer,and bacterial infections.
Virus have many us in medicines,such 21.2Virus Infections and Hosts as in the treatment of genetic disorders,cancer.
Plant virus may be transmitted either vertically from parent reproductive cells or horizontally through 21.4Other Acellular Entities:Prions and damage plant tissues.
Virus of plants are Viroids responsible for significant economic damage in both Prions are infectious agents that consist of protein,but crop plants and plants use for ornamentation.
Viroids are single-chronic,in which the infection persists.
Their infections may cause chronic symptoms,presence can have a severe impact on the agriculture intermittent symptoms (latent virus such a herpes industry.
a.All virus are encased in a viral 3.
The capsomere is made up of small a.In the lytic cycle,new phages are protein subunits called capsids.
d.Glycoproteins help the virus attach to the b.
In the lysogenic cycle,phage DNA is host cell.
An environmental stressor can cause the 2.
A virion contains DNA and RNA.
b.Viruses are acellular.
c.Viruses replicate outside of the cell.
Most virus are easily visualize with a 11.
Which statement is true of reverse light microscope.
a.It is a nucleic acid.
It infects cells.
It transcribes RNA to make DNA.
Oncogenic virus cores can be_______.
c.neither RNA nor DNA a.all have a round shape d.either RNA or DNA b.cannot have a long shape c.do not maintain any shape 13.
d.vary in shape a.
They use the host cell'sjivqem to produce new copys of their genome.
They all have envelopes.
Chlamydia contains species that can only survive c.
They are the only kind of virus that can as intracellular parasites supports which viral cause cancer.
They are not important plant pathogens.
A bacteriophage can infect ________.
The virus is most likely a member of which 15.
surface protein can be exposed to some strains a.Rabies virus of HIV-1without becoming sick.
Influenza viruses a.Release b.Reverse transcription 9.
c.Uncoating a.A lysogenic cycle kills the host cell.
Newly release virions can infect adjacent in the orchard that lack fungus appear healthy.
What is the most likely conclusion the farmer can make about the virus infect his apple 10.
The fungus carry disease.
The fungi attract disease-carrying insects.
The viral capsid helps the host cell d.
The apple trees were infect by vertical produce more copys of the viral genome.
a.Replicating shapes a.are similar to viroids b.Mad cow disease b.are only need once c.DNA c.kill virus d.
Toxic proteins d.stimulate an immune response 21.
A patient presents at the clinic with an acute a.They are single-strand RNA particles.
They reproduce only outside of the cell.
cycle classify the virus into Group V with a c.
They produce proteins.
Which virus is the most d.
They affect both plants and animals.
A bacteriophage with a lytic life cycle develops a mosaic virus)was produce in 1939.
Before that mutation that allows it to now also go through time,how did scientists know that viruses the lysogenic cycle.
Varicella-zoster virus is a double-strand DNA virus that causes chickenpox.
What conclusions can be made about medication podofilox.
Prions are responsible for variant Creutzfeldt-26.
In this section,you were introduced to different 33.
How could the botanist confirm that the agent cause disease is a viroid,and not a 28.
How could the botanist confirm that the agent cause disease is a viroid.