#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 27—Introduction to Animal Diversity
#Auto-extract from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:369

The leaf chameleon was discovered in northern Madagascar in 2012.
At just over one inch long,it is the small know chameleon.
INTRODUCTION Animal evolution began in the ocean over 600million years ago with tiny creatures that probably do not resemble any live organism today.
Since then,animals have evolve into a highly diverse kingdom.
Although over one million extant species of animals have been identify,scientists are continually discovering more species as they explore ecosystems around the world.
The number of extant species is estimate to be between 3and 30million.
While we can easily identify dogs,birds,fish,spiders.
worms as animals,other organisms,such as corals and sponges,are not as easy to classify.
Animals vary in complexity—from sea sponges to crickets to chimpanzees—and scientists are face with the difficult task of classifying they within a unified system.
They must identify traits that are common to all animals as well as traits that can be use to distinguish among related groups of animals.
The animal classification system characterizes animals base on their anatomy,morphology,evolutionary history,features of embryological development,and genetic makeup.
The animal classification system characterizes animals base on their anatomy,morphology,evolutionary history,features of embryological development.
This classification scheme is constantly develop as new information about species arises.
However,plants and animals not only have different life styles,they also have different cellular historys as eukaryotes.
The opisthokonts share the possession of a single posterior flagellum in flagellated cells,e.g.,sperm cells.
Most animals also share other features that distinguish they from organisms in other kingdoms.
All animals require a source of food and are therefore heterotrophic,ingesting other living or dead organisms.
This feature distinguishes they from autotrophic organisms,such as most plants,which synthesize their own nutrients through photosynthesis.
As with plants,almost all animals have a complex tissue structure with differentiated and specialized tissues.
The necessity to collect food has made most animals motile,at least during certain life stages.
The typical life cycle in animals is diplontic.
We should note that the alternation of generations characteristic of the land plants is typically not found in animals.
In animals whose life historys include several to multiple body forms,all body forms are diploid.
Animal embryos pass through a series of developmental stages that establish a determined and fixed body plan.
The body plan refers to the morphology of an animal,determine by developmental cues.
All animals are heterotrophs and thus derive energy from a variety of food sources.
The black bear is an omnivore,eat both plants and animals.
The heartworm Dirofilaria immitis is a parasite that derives energy from its hosts.
It spends its larval stage in mosquitos and its adult stage infesting the heart of dogs and other mammals,as show here.
This explains why animals typically have evolve special structures associate with specific methods of food capture and complex digestive systems support by accessory organs.
Movement is driven by muscle tissue attached to supportive structures like bone or chitin,and is coordinated by neural communication.
Movement is driven by muscle tissue attached to supportive structures like bone or chitin.
Animal cells may also have unique structures for intercellular communication.
This allows animals to survive in environments where they must compete with other species to meet their nutritional demands.
The tissues of animals differ from those of the other major multicellular eukaryotes,plants and fungus,because their cells don'thave cell walls.
However,cells of animal tissues may be embedded in an extracellular matrix.
In vertebrates,bone tissue is a type of connective tissue that supports the entire body structure.
The complex bodys and activitys of vertebrates demand such supportive tissues.
The different types of tissues in true animals are responsible for carrying out specific functions for the organism.
This differentiation and specialization of tissues is part of what allows for such incredible animal diversity.
The Placozoa have only four cell types,while the sponges have nearly two dozen.
The Placozoa have only four cell types.
the sponges have nearly two dozen.
The three other clades do include animals with specialized tissues derived from the germ layers of the embryo.
When we think of animals,we usually think of Eumetazoa,since most animals fall into this category.
Animal Reproduction and Development Most animals are diploid organisms,mean that their body cells are diploid and haploid reproductive cells are produce through meiosis.
Some exceptions exist:for example,in bees,wasps,and ants,the male is haploid because it develops from unfertilized eggs.
Some exceptions exist:for example,in bees,wasps.
ants,the male is haploid because it develops from unfertilized eggs.
Most animals undergo sexual reproduction.
However,a few groups,such as cnidarians,flatworms,and roundworms,may also undergo asexual reproduction,in which offspring originate from part of the parental body.
roundworms,may also undergo asexual reproduction,in which offspring originate from part of the parental body.
Process of Animal Reproduction and Embryonic Development During sexual reproduction,the haploid gametes of the male and female individuals of a species combine in a process called fertilization.
Typically,both male and female gametes are required:the small,motile male sperm fertilizes the typically much large,sessile female egg.
This process produces a diploid fertilized egg called a zygote.
Some animal species—including sea stars and sea anemones—are capable of asexual reproduction.
The most common forms of asexual reproduction for stationary aquatic animals include bud and fragmentation,where part of a parent individual can separate and grow into a new individual.
This type of asexual reproduction produces genetically identical offspring,which would appear to be disadvantageous from the perspective of evolutionary adaptability,simply because of the potential buildup of deleterious mutations.
In contrast,a form of uniparental reproduction found in some insects and a few vertebrates is called parthenogenesis.
Because of the nutrients store in eggs,only females produce parthenogenetic offspring.
In some insects,unfertilized eggs develop into new male offspring.
A few vertebrates,e.g.,some fish,turkeys,rattlesnakes,and whiptail lizards,are also capable of parthenogenesis.
In birds and rattlesnakes,the female is the heterogametic sex,so the only surviving progeny of post-meiotic parthenogenesis would be ZZ males.
These animals may not be identical to their parent,although they have only maternal chromosomes.
However,for animals that are limit in their access to mates,uniparental reproduction can ensure genetic propagation.
In animals,the zygote progress through a series of developmental stages,during which primary germ layers are established and reorganize to form an embryo.
During this process,animal tissues begin to specialize and organize into organs and organ systems,determine their future morphology and physiology.
Cleavage differs from somatic cell division in that the egg is subdivided by successive cleavages into small and small cells,with no actual cell growth.
Three cell divisions transform the single-celled zygote into an eight-celled structure.
After further cell division and rearrangement of exist cells,a solid morula is form,followed by a hollow structure called a blastula.
The blastula is hollow only in invertebrates whose eggs have relatively small amounts of yolk.
Further cell division and cellular rearrangement leads to a process called gastrulation.
Gastrulation results in two important events:the formation of the primitive gut or digestive cavity,and the formation of the embryonic germ layers,as we have discussed above.
Gastrulation results in two important events:the formation of the primitive gut or digestive cavity.
These germ layers are program to develop into certain tissue types,organs,and organ systems during a process called organogenesis.
These germ layers are program to develop into certain tissue types,organs.
Diploblastic organisms have two germ layers,endoderm and ectoderm.
Endoderm forms the wall of the digestive tract,and ectoderm covers the surface of the animal.
Endoderm forms the wall of the digestive tract.
ectoderm covers the surface of the animal.
During embryonic development,the zygote undergoes a series of mitotic cell divisions,or cleavages,that subdivide the egg into small and small blastomeres.
During embryonic development,the zygote undergoes a series of mitotic cell divisions.
In many invertebrates,the blastula consists of a single layer of cells around a hollow space.
This inner cavity becomes the primitive gut of the gastrula stage.
in some invertebrates it is destined to form the mouth.
Some animals produce larval forms that are different from the adult.
The adult body then develops from one or more regions of larval tissue.
For animals with complete metamorphosis,the larva and the adult may have different diets,limit competition for food between they.
Regardless of whether a species undergoes complete or incomplete metamorphosis,the series of developmental stages of the embryo remains largely the same for most members of the animal kingdom.
The butterfly undergoes complete metamorphosis.
For a long time,scientists did not understand why so many animal species look similar during embryonic development but were very different as adults.
They wondered what dictate the developmental direction that a fly,mouse,frog,or human embryo would take.
They wondered what dictate the developmental direction that a fly,mouse,frog.
Near the end of the twentieth century,a particular class of genes was discovered that had this very job.
The work to understand the role these genes play was novel and incredibly detailed.
Over several years,Christiane Nüsslein-Volhard and Eric Wieschaus introduced mutate genes into fruit flys and observed changes to the flys'bodys under microscopes.
Eventually they were able to identify specific changes,such as different numbers of body segments,base on mutations of specific genes,therefore show which genes control aspects of development.
One group of animal genes containing homeobox sequences is specifically referred to as Hox genes.
The first Hox genes to be sequence were those from the fruit fly.
Now,Hox genes are know from virtually all other animals as well.
Hox genes do this by encode transcription factors that control the expression of numerous other genes.
In addition,the order of the genes reflects the anterior-posterior axis of the animal'sjitvin.
All vertebrates have four sets of Hox genes,while invertebrates have only one set.
All vertebrates have four sets of Hox genes.
invertebrates have only one set.
Hox genes are highly conserved genes encode transcription factors that determine the course of embryonic development in animals.
green shading,occurs in the same body segments in both the mouse and the human.
While at least one copy of each Hox gene is present in humans and other vertebrates,some Hox genes are missing in some chromosomal sets.
In spite of the superficial similaritys between the Cnidaria and the Ctenophora,the Cnidaria have a number of Hox genes,but the Ctenophora have none.
The absence of Hox genes from the ctenophores has lead to the suggestion that they might be "basal"animals,in spite of their tissue differentiation.
Ironically,the Placozoa,which have only a few cell types,do have at least one Hox gene.
However,we should note that at this time the reclassification of the Animal Kingdom is still tentative and requires much more study.
Animals have been traditionally classified according to two characteristics:body plan and developmental pathway.
plan is its symmetry:how the body parts are distributed along the major body axis.
Symmetrical animals can be divide into roughly equivalent halfs along at least one axis.
The phylogenetic tree of animals is base on morphological,fossil,and genetic evidence.
The phylogenetic tree of animals is base on morphological,fossil.
The represented tree is one of several proposed relationships base on genetic and other datum.
b.Lophotrochozoa and Ecdysozoa are both Bilataria.
c.Acoela and Cnidaria both possess radial symmetry.
d.Arthropods are more closely related to nematodes than they are to annelids.
All types of symmetry are well suited to meet the unique demands of a particular animal'sfiqhidnewnoh.
Radial symmetry is the arrangement of body parts around a central axis,as is seen in a bicycle wheel or pie.
It results in animals having top and bottom surfaces but no left and right sides,nor front or back.
Radial symmetry equips these sea creatures to experience the environment equally from all directions.
The sponge is asymmetrical.
The jellyfish and anemone are radially symmetrical,the butterfly is bilaterally symmetrical.
Rotational symmetry is seen in the ctenophore Beroe,show swim open-mouthed.
All Eumetazoa except those with secondary radial symmetry are bilaterally symmetrical.
In contrast to radial symmetry,which is well suited for stationary or limited-motion lifestyles,bilateral symmetry allows for streamlined and directional motion.
In evolutionary terms,this simple form of symmetry promoted active and control directional mobility and increase sophistication of resource-seeking and predator-prey relationships.
The bilaterally symmetrical human body can be divide by several planes.
Echinoderms evolve from bilaterally symmetrical animals;thus,they are classified as bilaterally symmetrical.
Echinoderms evolve from bilaterally symmetrical animals.
thus,they are classified as bilaterally symmetrical.
Animal Characterization Base on Features of Embryological Development Most animal species undergo a separation of tissues into germ layers during embryonic development.
that each germ layer typically gives rise to specific types of embryonic tissues and organs.
The animals that display radial,biradial,or rotational symmetry develop two germ layers,an inner layer and an outer layer.
rotational symmetry develop two germ layers,an inner layer and an outer layer.
The four clades considered to be diploblastic have different levels of complexity and different developmental pathways,although there is little information about development in Placozoa.
More complex animals develop three tissue layers:an inner layer,an outer layer,and a middle layer.
More complex animals develop three tissue layers:an inner layer,an outer layer.
During embryogenesis,diploblasts develop two embryonic germ layers:an ectoderm and an endoderm or mesendoderm.
Triploblasts develop a third layer—the mesoderm—which arises from mesendoderm and resides between the endoderm and ectoderm.
a.Animals that display only radial symmetry during their lifespans are diploblasts.
Animals that display bilateral symmetry are triploblasts.
The endoderm gives rise to the lining of the digestive tract and the respiratory tract.
The mesoderm gives rise to the central nervous system.
Each of the three germ layers is program to give rise to specific body tissues and organs,although there are variations on these themes.
The ectoderm develops into the outer epithelial covering of the body surface,the central nervous system,and a few other structures.
The ectoderm develops into the outer epithelial covering of the body surface,the central nervous system.
The mesoderm is the third germ layer;it forms between the endoderm and ectoderm in triploblasts.
The mesoderm is the third germ layer.
it forms between the endoderm and ectoderm in triploblasts.
Diploblastic animals may have cell types that serve multiple functions,such as epitheliomuscular cells,which serve as a covering as well as contractile cells.
It houses many organs such as the digestive,urinary,and reproductive systems,the heart and lungs,and also contains the major arterys and veins of the circulatory system.
It houses many organs such as the digestive,urinary.
In mammals,the body cavity is divide into the thoracic cavity,which houses the heart and lungs,and the abdominal cavity,which houses the digestive organs.
In mammals,the body cavity is divide into the thoracic cavity,which houses the heart and lungs.
The evolution of the coelom is associate with many functional advantages.
For example,the coelom provides cushioning and shock absorption for the major organ systems that it encloses.
The coelom also provides space for the diffusion of gas and nutrients,as well as body flexibility,promoting improved animal motility.
their mesoderm region is completely fill with tissue,although they do still have a gut cavity.
Examples of acoelomates include animals in the phylum Platyhelminthes,also know as flatworms.
In such cases,a true coelom arises entirely within the mesoderm germ layer and is line by an epithelial membrane.
This membrane also lines the organs within the coelom,connecting and hold they in position while allowing they some freedom of movement.
chordates are all eucoelomates.
A third group of triploblasts has a slightly different coelom line partly by mesoderm and partly by endoderm.
so we call these animals pseudocoelomates.
The phylum Nematoda is an example of a pseudocoelomate.
True coelomates can be further characterized base on other features of their early embryological development.
Triploblasts may be acoelomates,eucoelomates,or pseudocoelomates.
Triploblasts may be acoelomates,eucoelomates.
Acoelomates have no body cavity.
Eucoelomates have a body cavity within the mesoderm,called a coelom,in which both the gut and the body wall are line with mesoderm.
Pseudocoelomates also have a body cavity,but only the body wall is line with mesoderm.
Embryonic Development of the Mouth Bilaterally symmetrical,tribloblastic eucoelomates can be further divide into two groups base on differences in the origin of the mouth.
When the primitive gut forms,the opening that first connects the gut cavity to the outside of the embryo is called the blastopore.
Most animals have openings at both ends of the gut:mouth at one end and anus at the other.
Protostomes include arthropods,mollusks,and annelids.
Protostomes include arthropods,mollusks.
Deuterostomes include more complex animals such as chordates but also some "simple"animals such as echinoderms.
Recent evidence has challenge this simple view of the relationship between the location of the blastopore and the formation of the mouth,however,and the theory remains under debate.
Recent evidence has challenge this simple view of the relationship between the location of the blastopore and the formation of the mouth,however.
the theory remains under debate.
Nevertheless,these details of mouth and anus formation reflect general differences in the organization of protostome and deuterostome embryos,which are also expressed in other developmental features.
Since body cavity formation tends to accompany the formation of the mesoderm,the mesoderm of protostomes and deuterostomes forms differently.
The coelom of most protostomes is form through a process called schizocoely.
The mesoderm in these organisms is usually the product of specific blastomeres,which migrate into the interior of the embryo and form two clumps of mesodermal tissue.
Within each clump,cavitys develop and merge to form the hollow opening of the coelom.
Deuterostomes differ in that their coelom forms through a process called enterocoely.
Here,the mesoderm develops as pouchs that are pinched off from the endoderm tissue.
These pouchs eventually fuse and expand to fill the space between the gut and the body wall,giving rise to the coelom.
Another difference in organization of protostome and deuterostome embryos is expressed during cleavage.
Protostomes undergo spiral cleavage,mean that the cells of one pole of the embryo are rotated,and thus misaligned,with respect to the cells of the opposite pole.
Protostomes undergo spiral cleavage,mean that the cells of one pole of the embryo are rotated.
This is due to the oblique angle of cleavage relative to the two poles of the embryo.
Deuterostomes undergo radial cleavage,where the cleavage axis are either parallel or perpendicular to the polar axis,result in the parallel alignment of the cells between the two poles.
Eucoelomates can be divide into two groups base on their early embryonic development.
In deuterostomes,the mouth forms at a site opposite the blastopore end of the embryo and the mesoderm pinches off to form the coelom during the process of enterocoely.
A second distinction between the types of cleavage in protostomes and deuterostomes relates to the fate of the resultant blastomeres.
In addition to spiral cleavage,protostomes also undergo determinate cleavage.
This means that even at this early stage,the developmental fate of each embryonic cell is already determine.
A given cell does not have the ability to develop into any cell type other than its original destination.
Removal of a blastomere from an embryo with determinate cleavage can result in missing structures,and embryos that fail to develop.
Removal of a blastomere from an embryo with determinate cleavage can result in missing structures.
In contrast,deuterostomes undergo indeterminate cleavage,in which cells are not yet fully committed at this early stage to develop into specific cell types.
Removal of individual blastomeres from these embryos does not result in the loss of embryonic structures.
In fact,twins can be produce as a result from blastomeres that have been separate from the original mass of blastomere cells.
Unlike protostomes,however,if some blastomeres are damage during embryogenesis,adjacent cells are able to compensate for the missing cells,and the embryo is not damage.
Unlike protostomes,however,if some blastomeres are damage during embryogenesis,adjacent cells are able to compensate for the missing cells.
These cells are referred to as undetermined cells.
The Evolution of the Coelom One of the first steps in the classification of animals is to examine the animal'sjitvin.
One structure that is use in classification of animals is the body cavity or coelom.
The body cavity develops within the mesoderm,so only triploblastic animals can have body cavitys.
Therefore body cavitys are found only within the Bilateria.
In other animal clades,the gut is either close to the body wall or separate from it by a jelly-like material.
The body cavity is important for two reasons.
Fluid within the body cavity protects the organs from shock and compression.
The major acoelomate group in the Bilateria is the flatworms,including both free-live and parasitic forms such as tapeworms.
In these animals,mesenchyme fills the space between the gut and the body wall.
Flatworms rely on passive diffusion for nutrient transport across their body.
In these animals,the mesoderm forms,but does not develop cavitys within it.
Major pseudocoelomate phyla are the rotifers and nematodes.
all vertebrates,as well as mollusks,annelids,arthropods,and echinoderms,are eucoelomates.
The coelom develops within the mesoderm during embryogenesis.
These buds separate from the gut and coalesce to form the body cavity.
In the vertebrates,mammals have a subdivided body cavity,with the thoracic cavity separate from the abdominal cavity.
The pseudocoelomates may have had eucoelomate ancestors and may have lost their ability to form a complete coelom through genetic mutations.
Thus,this step in early embryogenesis—the formation of the coelom—has had a large evolutionary impact on the various species of the animal kingdom.
Biologists strive to understand the evolutionary history and relationships of members of the animal kingdom,and all of life,for that matter.
Biologists strive to understand the evolutionary history and relationships of members of the animal kingdom.
The study of phylogeny aims to determine the evolutionary relationships between phyla.
Currently,most biologists divide the animal kingdom into 35to 40phyla.
Scientists develop phylogenetic trees,which serve as hypothesis about which species have evolve from which ancestors.
Scientific understanding of the distinctions and hierarchys between anatomical characteristics provided much of this knowledge.
Use alone,however,this information can be misleading.
Morphological characteristics may evolve multiple times,and independently,through evolutionary history.
Morphological characteristics may evolve multiple times.
With the advancement of molecular technologys,modern phylogenetics is now informed by genetic and molecular analysis,in addition to traditional morphological and fossil datum.
With a growing understanding of genetics,the animal evolutionary tree has change substantially and continues to change as new DNA and RNA analysis are perform on additional animal species.
Eumetazoa are subdivided into radially symmetrical animals and bilaterally symmetrical animals,and are thus classified into the clades Bilateria and Radiata,respectively.
Eumetazoa are subdivided into radially symmetrical animals and bilaterally symmetrical animals.
As mention early,the cnidarians and ctenophores are animal phyla with true radial,biradial,or rotational symmetry.
As mention early,the cnidarians and ctenophores are animal phyla with true radial,biradial.
All other Eumetazoa are members of the Bilateria clade.
Lophotrochozoa is name for two structural features,each common to certain phyla within the clade.
Phoronids are in the clade Lophotrochozoa.
The tentacles are part of a feeding structure called a lophophore.
The phylogenetic groupings are continually being debate and refined by evolutionary biologists.
Each year,new evidence emerges that further alters the relationships described by a phylogenetic tree diagram.
Nucleic acid and protein analysis have greatly modified and refined the modern phylogenetic animal tree.
Many evolutionary relationships in the modern tree have only recently been determine from the molecular evidence.
For example,a previously classified group of animals called lophophorates,which included brachiopods and bryozoans,were long-thought to be primitive deuterostomes.
Extensive molecular analysis use rrna datum found these animals are actually protostomes,more closely related to annelids and mollusks.
This discovery allowed for the distinction of the protostome clade Lophotrochozoa.
Molecular datum have also shed light on some differences within the lophotrochozoan group,and the placement of the Platyhelminthes is particularly problematic.
Molecular datum have also shed light on some differences within the lophotrochozoan group.
the placement of the Platyhelminthes is particularly problematic.
Some scientists believe that the phyla Platyhelminthes and Rotifera should actually belong to their own clade of protostomes term Platyzoa.
Due to morphological similaritys in their segment body types,annelids and arthropods were once thought to be closely related.
These two clades now make up the protostomes.
Another change to former phylogenetic groupings because of modern molecular analysis includes the emergence of an entirely new phylum of worm called Acoelomorpha.
These acoel flatworms were long thought to belong to the phylum Platyhelminthes because of their similar "flatworm"morphology.
However,molecular analysis revealed this to be a false relationship and originally suggested that acoels represent live species of some of the early divergent bilaterians.
More recent research into the acoelomorphs has called this hypothesis into question and suggested that the acoels are more closely related to deuterostomes.
The placement of this new phylum remains dispute,but scientists agree that with sufficient molecular datum,their true phylogeny will be determine.
Another example of phylogenetic reorganization involves the identification of the Ctenophora as the basal clade of the animal kingdom.
Ctenophora,or comb jellys,were once considered to be a sister group of the Cnidaria,and the sponges were place as the basal animal group,sister to other animals.
Ctenophora,or comb jellys,were once considered to be a sister group of the Cnidaria.
the sponges were place as the basal animal group,sister to other animals.
comb jellys,were once considered to be a sister group of the Cnidaria,and the sponges were place as the basal animal group,sister to other animals.
The presence of nerve and muscle cells in both the Ctenophores and the Cnidaria and their absence in the Porifera strengthened this view of the relationships among simple animal forms.
However,recent molecular analysis has show that many of the genes that support neural development in other animals are absent from the Ctenophore genome.
The muscle cells are restricted to the mouth and tentacles and are derived from cells in the mesoglea.
The mitochondrial genome of the Ctenophores is small and lacks many genes found in other animal mitochondrial genomes.
Changes to the phylogenetic tree can be difficult to track and understand,and are evidence of the process of science.
Changes to the phylogenetic tree can be difficult to track and understand.
Datum and analytical methods play a significant role in the development of phylogenys.
For this reason –because molecular analysis and reanalysis are not complete --we kajdidnot necessarily dismiss a former phylogenetic tree as inaccurate.
A recent reanalysis of molecular evidence by an international group of evolutionary biologists refuted the proposition that comb jellys are the phylogenetically old extant metazoan group.
The ongoing discussion concern the location of sponges and comb jellys on the animal "family tree"is an example of what drives science forward.
Many questions regard the origins and evolutionary history of the animal kingdom continue to be research and debate,as new fossil and molecular evidence change prevailing theorys.
While animal diversity increase during the Cambrian period of the Paleozoic era,530million years ago,modern fossil evidence suggests that primitive animal species exist much early.
Ediacaran fossils were first found in the Ediacaran hills of Southern Australia.
It is believed that early animal life,term Ediacaran biota,evolve from protists at this time.
Earth'snoblekdilfac is divide into eons,eras,and periods.
Earth'snoblekdilfac is divide into eons,eras.
Stages on the geological time scale are represent as a spiral.
Most Ediacaran biota were just a few mm or cm long,but some of the feather-like forms could reach lengths of over a meter.
Fossils believed to represent the old animals with hard body parts were recently discovered in South Australia.
Another recent fossil discovery may represent the early animal species ever found.
While the validity of this claim is still under investigation,these primitive fossils appear to be small,one-centimeter long,sponge-like creatures,irregularly shape and with internal tubes or canals.
Until this discovery,most scientists believed that there was no animal life prior to the Ediacaran period.
Many scientists now believe that animals may in fact have evolve during the Cryogenian period.
The Cambrian period,occur between approximately 542–488million years ago,marks the most rapid evolution of new animal phyla and animal diversity in Earth'snoblekdilfac.
Animals resembling echinoderms,mollusks,worms,arthropods,and chordates arose during this period.
chordates arose during this period.
Obviously,all these Cambrian animals already exhibit complex structures,so their ancestors must have exist much early.
An artist'sqobyojpisqat depicts some organisms from the Cambrian period.
Anomalocaris is seen in the upper left quadrant of the picture.
Trilobites were somewhat similar to modern horseshoe crabs.
Thousands of different species have been identify in fossil sediments of the Cambrian period;not a single species survives today.
Thousands of different species have been identify in fossil sediments of the Cambrian period.
The cause of the Cambrian explosion is still debate,and in fact,it may be that a number of interact causes ushered in this incredible explosion of animal diversity.
The cause of the Cambrian explosion is still debate.
in fact,it may be that a number of interact causes ushered in this incredible explosion of animal diversity.
Environmental changes may have created a more suitable environment for animal life.
Some scientists believe that an expansive,continental shelf with numerous shallow lagoons or pools provided the necessary live space for large numbers of different types of animals to coexist.
Yet other hypothesis claim genetic and developmental reasons for the Cambrian explosion.
the answer may very well be a combination of these and other theorys.
The oxygen concentration in Earth'sgivsok rise sharply around 300million years ago.
However,unresolved questions about the animal diversification that took place during the Cambrian period remain.
For example,we do not understand how the evolution of so many species occur in such a short period of time.
As animal phyla continued to diversify,new species adapted to new ecological niches.
During the Ordovician period,which followed the Cambrian period,plant life first appeared on land.
This change allowed formerly aquatic animal species to invade land,feed directly on plants or decay vegetation.
Changes in the environment often create new niches that invite rapid speciation and increase diversity.
Some of the dominant phyla in the world'syakqaxs,such as the trilobites,disappeared completely.
On land,the disappearance of some dominant species of Permian reptiles made it possible for a new line of reptiles to emerge,the dinosaurs.
climatic conditions of the ensue Mesozoic Era promoted an explosive diversification of dinosaurs into every conceivable niche in land,air,and water.
climatic conditions of the ensue Mesozoic Era promoted an explosive diversification of dinosaurs into every conceivable niche in land,air.
Plants,too,radiated into new landscapes and empty niches,creating complex communitys of producers and consumers,some of which became very large on the abundant food available.
Another mass extinction event occur at the end of the Cretaceous period,bringing the Mesozoic Era to an end.
Skys darkened and temperatures fall after a large meteor impact and tons of volcanic ash ejected into the atmosphere block incoming sunlight.
the dinosaurs ceded their dominance of the landscape to the more warm-blooded mammals.
In the following Cenozoic Era,mammals radiated into terrestrial and aquatic niches once occupy by dinosaurs,and birds—the warm-blooded direct descendants of one line of the rule reptiles—became aerial specialists.
In the following Cenozoic Era,mammals radiated into terrestrial and aquatic niches once occupy by dinosaurs.
birds—the warm-blooded direct descendants of one line of the rule reptiles—became aerial specialists.
The appearance and dominance of flower plants in the Cretaceous Era created new niches for pollinate insects,as well as for birds and mammals.
Early in the Cenozoic,new ecosystems appeared,with the evolution of grass and coral reefs,lead to their wide distribution.
Late in the Cenozoic,further extinctions followed by speciation occur during ice ages that cover high latitudes with ice and then retreated,leaving new open spaces for colonization.
Mass extinctions have occur repeatedly over geological time.
Paleontologist Natural history museums contain the fossils of extinct animals as well as information about how these animals evolve,live,and die.
Paleontologists are scientists who study prehistoric life.
They use fossils to observe and explain how life evolve on Earth and how species interact with each other and with the environment.
They were aid in their work by surprise discoverys by laypeople,and other more concentrated efforts by self-taught scientists.
They were aid in their work by surprise discoverys by laypeople.
Mary Anning,for example,was a well-know fossil hunter who discovered,catalog,and diagram the fossils of significant dinosaurs such as the Plesiosaurus.
Mary Anning,for example,was a well-know fossil hunter who discovered,catalog.
Scientists from throughout Europe consulted with she to deepen their own understanding and draw conclusions that laid the foundation for the discipline.
Paleontology today relies on far more varied knowledge and technology than it did in Anning'sxadzogseclon.
A paleontologist needs to be knowledgeable in mathematics,biology,ecology,chemistry,geology,and many other scientific disciplines.
A paleontologist needs to be knowledgeable in mathematics,biology,ecology,chemistry,geology.
A paleontologist'scefrutxohyop may involve field studys:search for and study fossils.
In addition to digging for and finding fossils,paleontologists also prepare fossils for further study and analysis.
Biophysics,biochemistry,geographic information systems,and data science are all additional fields of knowledge that paleontologists use to uncover the truth of the past.
datum science are all additional fields of knowledge that paleontologists use to uncover the truth of the past.
An undergraduate degree in earth science or biology is a good place to start toward the career path of becoming a paleontologist.
Most often,a graduate degree is necessary.
Additionally,work experience in a museum or in a paleontology lab is useful.
Although animals range in complexity from specific functions.
Most animals undergo sexual simple sea sponges to human beings,most members reproduction,lead to a series of developmental of the animal kingdom share certain features.
A class of transcriptional control that ingest their food and usually develop into motile genes called Hox genes directs the organization of the creatures with a fixed body plan.
The details of the on their body morphology,their developmental modern phylogenetic tree change frequently as new pathways,and their genetic affinitys.
The details of the on their body morphology,their developmental modern phylogenetic tree change frequently as new pathways.
However,recent fossil discoverys mesoderm.
animals is also mark by numerous major extinction 27.3Animal Phylogeny events,each of which wiped out a majority of extant species.
If a Hox 13gene in a mouse was 3.
a.Animals that display radial symmetry are diploblasts.
Which of the following statements is b.
a.Eumetazoans have specialized tissues and c.
the digestive tract and the respiratory b.Lophotrochozoa and Ecdysozoa are both tract.
The mesoderm gives rise to the central c.Acoela and Cnidaria both possess radial nervous system.
As with the emergence of the Acoelomorpha phylum,it is common for ____datum to misplace 5.
Which of the following phenotypes would most 13.
Which of the following organisms is most likely 14.
How is it that morphological datum alone might kingdom.
How is it that most,if not all,of the extant germ layers,coelom,cleavage,embryological animal phyla today evolve during the Cambrian development.