#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 32—Plant Reproduction
#Auto-extract from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:528

INTRODUCTION Plants have evolve different reproductive strategys for the continuation of their species.
Some plants reproduce sexually,and others asexually,in contrast to animal species,which rely almost exclusively on sexual reproduction.
Some plants reproduce sexually.
Plant sexual reproduction usually depends on pollinate agents,while asexual reproduction is independent of these agents.
Plant sexual reproduction usually depends on pollinate agents.
asexual reproduction is independent of these agents.
Flowers are often the showy or most strongly scented part of plants.
With their bright colors,fragrances,and interesting shapes and sizes,flowers attract insects,birds,and animals to serve their pollination needs.
interesting shapes and sizes,flowers attract insects,birds.
Other plants pollinate via wind or water.
Sexual reproduction takes place with slight variations in different groups of plants.
Plants have two distinct stages in their lifecycle:the gametophyte stage and the sporophyte stage.
The haploid gametophyte produces the male and female gametes by mitosis in distinct multicellular structures.
Fusion of the male and females gametes forms the diploid zygote,which develops into the sporophyte.
After reach maturity,the diploid sporophyte produces spores by meiosis,which in turn divide by mitosis to produce the haploid gametophyte.
The new gametophyte produces gametes,and the cycle continues.
The new gametophyte produces gametes.
The alternation of generations in angiosperms is depicted in this diagram.
The life cycle of high plants is dominate by the sporophyte stage,with the gametophyte bear on the sporophyte.
In ferns,the gametophyte is free-living and very distinct in structure from the diploid sporophyte.
In bryophytes,such as moss,the haploid gametophyte is more developed than the sporophyte.
During the vegetative phase of growth,plants increase in size and produce a shoot system and a root system.
As they enter the reproductive phase,some of the branchs start to bear flowers.
Many flowers are bear singly,whereas some are bear in clusters.
Many flowers are bear singly.
some are bear in clusters.
The flower is bear on a stalk know as a receptacle.
Flower shape,color,and size are unique to each species,and are often use by taxonomists to classify plants.
size are unique to each species.
Sexual Reproduction in Angiosperms The lifecycle of angiosperms follows the alternation of generations explained previously.
The haploid gametophyte alternates with the diploid sporophyte during the sexual reproduction process of angiosperms.
Flowers contain the plant'srodyubkul structures.
The outermost whorl of the flower has green,leafy structures know as sepals.
The sepals,collectively call the calyx,help to protect the unopened bud.
The second whorl is comprised of petals—usually,brightly color—collectively call the corolla.
The number of sepals and petals varies depending on whether the plant is a monocot or dicot.
In monocots,petals usually number three or multiples of three;in dicots,the number of petals is four or five,or multiples of four and five.
In monocots,petals usually number three or multiples of three.
in dicots,the number of petals is four or five,or multiples of four and five.
In monocots,petals usually number three or multiples of three;in dicots,the number of petals is four or five.
Together,the calyx and corolla are know as the perianth.
The third whorl contains the male reproductive structures and is know as the androecium.
The androecium has stamens with anthers that contain the microsporangia.
The innermost group of structures in the flower is the gynoecium,or the female reproductive component.
The innermost group of structures in the flower is the gynoecium.
The carpel is the individual unit of the gynoecium and has a stigma,style,and ovary.
The carpel is the individual unit of the gynoecium and has a stigma,style.
A flower may have one or multiple carpels.
The four main parts of the flower are the calyx,corolla,androecium,and gynoecium.
The four main parts of the flower are the calyx,corolla,androecium.
The androecium is the sum of all the male reproductive organs,and the gynoecium is the sum of the female reproductive organs.
The androecium is the sum of all the male reproductive organs.
the gynoecium is the sum of the female reproductive organs.
If all four whorls are present,the flower is described as complete.
If any of the four parts is missing,the flower is know as incomplete.
Carpellate flowers are cluster in the immature ears.
Each strand of silk is a stigma.
The corn kernels are seeds that develop on the ear after fertilization.
If both male and female flowers are bear on the same plant,the species is call monoecious:examples are corn and pea.
Fuchsia is an inferior flower,which has the ovary beneath other flower parts.
The microsporangia,which are usually bilobed,are pollen sacs in which the microspores develop into pollen grains.
These are found in the anther,which is at the end of the staman—the long filament that supports the anther.
The immature anther contains four microsporangia,or pollen sacs.
The immature anther contains four microsporangia.
Each microsporangium contains hundreds of microspore mother cells that will each give rise to four pollen grains.
The tapetum supports the development and maturation of the pollen grains.
In these scanning electron micrographs,pollen sacs are ready to burst,release their grains.
An inner layer of cells,know as the tapetum,provides nutrition to the develop microspores and contributes key components to the pollen wall.
Mature pollen grains contain two cells:a generative cell and a pollen tube cell.
The generative cell is contained within the large pollen tube cell.
Upon germination,the tube cell forms the pollen tube through which the generative cell migrates to enter the ovary.
During its transit inside the pollen tube,the generative cell divides to form two male gametes.
Upon maturity,the microsporangia burst,release the pollen grains from the anther.
Pollen develops from the microspore mother cells.
The mature pollen grain is composed of two cells:the pollen tube cell and the generative cell,which is inside the tube cell.
The pollen grain has two coverings:an inner layer and an outer layer.
The inset scan electron micrograph shows Arabidopsis lyrata pollen grains.
The exine contains sporopollenin,a complex waterproof substance supply by the tapetal cells.
Sporopollenin allows the pollen to survive under unfavorable conditions and to be carried by wind,water,or biological agents without undergoing damage.
Sporopollenin allows the pollen to survive under unfavorable conditions and to be carried by wind,water.
Female Gametophyte While the details may vary between species,the overall development of the female gametophyte has two distinct phases.
This central cell later fuses with a sperm to form the triploid endosperm.
Three nucleus position themselves on the end of the embryo sac opposite the micropyle and develop into the antipodal cells,which later degenerate.
The synergids help guide the pollen tube for successful fertilization,after which they disintegrate.
A double-layered integument protects the megasporangium and,later,the embryo sac.
The integument will develop into the seed coat after fertilization and protect the entire seed.
The ovule wall will become part of the fruit.
The integuments,while protect the megasporangium,do not enclose it completely,but leave an opening call the micropyle.
The micropyle allows the pollen tube to enter the female gametophyte for fertilization.
An embryo sac is missing the synergids.
a.The pollen tube will be unable to form.
Sexual Reproduction in Gymnosperms As with angiosperms,the lifecycle of a gymnosperm is also characterized by alternation of generations.
Because the pollen is shed and blown by the wind,this arrangement makes it difficult for a gymnosperm to self-pollinate.
This image shows the lifecycle of a conifer.
Pollen from male cones blows up into upper branchs,where it fertilizes female cones.
Examples are show of female and male cones.
A male cone has a central axis on which bracts,a type of modified leaf,are attached.
The microspores develop inside the microsporangium.
Within the microsporangium,cells know as microsporocytes divide by meiosis to produce four haploid microspores.
Further mitosis of the microspore produces two nucleus:the generative nucleus,and the tube nucleus.
Further mitosis of the microspore produces two nucleus:the generative nucleus.
Upon maturity,the male gametophyte is release from the male cones and is carried by the wind to land on the female cone.
In the female cone,megaspore mother cells are present in the megasporangium.
The megaspore mother cell divides by meiosis to produce four haploid megaspores.
the others divide to form the rest of the structure.
The female gametophyte is contained within a structure call the archegonium.
This series of micrographs shows male and female gymnosperm gametophytes.
This male cone,show in cross section,has approximately 20microsporophylls,each of which produces hundreds of male gametophytes.
Pollen grains are visible in this single microsporophyll.
This micrograph shows an individual pollen grain.
This cross section of a female cone shows portions of about 15megasporophylls.
The ovule can be seen in this single megasporophyll.
Within this single ovule are the megaspore mother cell,micropyle,and a pollen grain.
Within this single ovule are the megaspore mother cell,micropyle.
The male gametophyte containing the generative cell splits into two sperm nucleus,one of which fuses with the egg,while the other degenerates.
The male gametophyte containing the generative cell splits into two sperm nucleus,one of which fuses with the egg.
After fertilization of the egg,the diploid zygote is form,which divides by mitosis to form the embryo.
The scales of the cones are close during development of the seed.
The seed is cover by a seed coat,which is derived from the female sporophyte.
Seed development takes another one to two years.
In angiosperms,the female gametophyte exists in an enclosed structure—the ovule—which is within the ovary;in gymnosperms,the female gametophyte is present on exposed bracts of the female cone.
In angiosperms,the female gametophyte exists in an enclosed structure—the ovule—which is within the ovary.
in gymnosperms,the female gametophyte is present on exposed bracts of the female cone.
Double fertilization is a key event in the lifecycle of angiosperms,but is completely absent in gymnosperms.
The male and female gametophyte structures are present on separate male and female cones in gymnosperms,whereas in angiosperms,they are a part of the flower.
The male and female gametophyte structures are present on separate male and female cones in gymnosperms.
in angiosperms,they are a part of the flower.
Lastly,wind plays an important role in pollination in gymnosperms because pollen is blown by the wind to land on the female cones.
Both produce seeds but have different reproductive strategys.
In angiosperms,pollination is defined as the placement or transfer of pollen from the anther to the stigma of the same flower or another flower.
In gymnosperms,pollination involves pollen transfer from the male cone to the female cone.
Upon transfer,the pollen germinates to form the pollen tube and the sperm for fertilize the egg.
Pollination has been well study since the time of Gregor Mendel.
Mendel successfully carried out self-as well as cross-pollination in garden peas while study how characteristics were pass on from one generation to the next.
Today'sjoxxuns are a result of plant breeding,which employs artificial selection to produce the present-day cultivars.
A case in point is today'showrij,which is a result of years of breeding that start with its ancestor,teosinte.
The teosinte that the ancient Mayans originally began cultivating had tiny seeds—vastly different from today'srelatively giant ears of corn.
Interestingly,though these two plants appear to be entirely different,the genetic difference between they is miniscule.
Pollination takes two forms:self-pollination and cross-pollination.
Cross-pollination is the transfer of pollen from the anther of one flower to the stigma of another flower on a different individual of the same species.
Self-pollination occurs in flowers where the staman and carpel mature at the same time,and are position so that the pollen can land on the flower'sfayriy.
Self-pollination occurs in flowers where the staman and carpel mature at the same time.
This method of pollination does not require an investment from the plant to provide nectar and pollen as food for pollinators.
Live species are design to ensure survival of their progeny;those that fail become extinct.
Live species are design to ensure survival of their progeny.
those that fail become extinct.
Genetic diversity is therefore required so that in change environmental or stress conditions,some of the progeny can survive.
Self-pollination leads to the production of plants with less genetic diversity,since genetic material from the same plant is use to form gametes,and eventually,the zygote.
Self-pollination leads to the production of plants with less genetic diversity,since genetic material from the same plant is use to form gametes.
In contrast,cross-pollination—or out-crossing—leads to great genetic diversity because the microgametophyte and megagametophyte are derived from different plants.
Because cross-pollination allows for more genetic diversity,plants have develop many ways to avoid self-pollination.
These flowers make self-pollination nearly impossible.
By the time pollen matures and has been shed,the stigma of this flower is mature and can only be pollinate by pollen from another flower.
Some flowers have develop physical features that prevent self-pollination.
The primrose is one such flower.
Insects easily cross-pollinate while seeking the nectar at the bottom of the pollen tube.
This phenomenon is also know as heterostyly.
Many plants,such as cucumber,have male and female flowers located on different parts of the plant,thus making self-pollination difficult.
In yet other species,the male and female flowers are bear on different plants.
All of these are barriers to self-pollination;therefore,the plants depend on pollinators to transfer pollen.
All of these are barriers to self-pollination.
therefore,the plants depend on pollinators to transfer pollen.
The majority of pollinators are biotic agents such as insects,bats,birds,and other animals.
The majority of pollinators are biotic agents such as insects,bats,birds.
Other plant species are pollinate by abiotic agents,such as wind and water.
EVERYDAY CONNECTION Incompatibility Genes in Flowers In recent decades,incompatibility genes—which prevent pollen from germinate or growing into the stigma of a flower—have been discovered in many angiosperm species.
If plants do not have compatible genes,the pollen tube stops growing.
Self-incompatibility is control by the S locus.
Pollen tubes have to grow through the tissue of the stigma and style before they can enter the ovule.
The carpel is selective in the type of pollen it allows to grow inside.
The interaction is primarily between the pollen and the stigma epidermal cells.
In some plants,like cabbage,the pollen is rejected at the surface of the stigma,and the unwanted pollen does not germinate.
In some plants,like cabbage,the pollen is rejected at the surface of the stigma.
In other plants,pollen tube germination is arrested after growing one-third the length of the style,lead to pollen tube death.
Pollen tube death is due either to apoptosis or to degradation of pollen tube RNA.
The degradation results from the activity of a ribonuclease encode by the S locus.
The ribonuclease is secrete from the cells of the style in the extracellular matrix,which lies alongside the growing pollen tube.
In summary,self-incompatibility is a mechanism that prevents self-fertilization in many flower plant species.
The working of this self-incompatibility mechanism has important consequences for plant breeders because it inhibits the production of inbred and hybrid plants.
The most common species of bees are bumblebees and honeybees.
Since bees kajdidnot see the color red,bee-pollinate flowers usually have shades of blue,yellow,or other colors.
Bees collect energy-rich pollen or nectar for their survival and energy needs.
The pollen sticks to the bees'fuzzy hair,and when the bee visits another flower,some of the pollen is transfer to the second flower.
The pollen sticks to the bees'fuzzy hair.
when the bee visits another flower,some of the pollen is transfer to the second flower.
The impact on commercial fruit growers could be devastating.
Many flys are attract to flowers that have a decay smell or an odor of rotting flesh.
These flowers,which produce nectar,usually have dull colors,such as brown or purple.
They are found on the corpse flower or voodoo lily,dragon arum,and carrion flower.
They are found on the corpse flower or voodoo lily,dragon arum.
The nectar provides energy,whereas the pollen provides protein.
The nectar provides energy.
the pollen provides protein.
Wasps are also important insect pollinators,and pollinate many species of figs.
Wasps are also important insect pollinators.
Butterflys,such as the monarch,pollinate many garden flowers and wildflowers,which usually occur in clusters.
Moths,on the other hand,pollinate flowers during the late afternoon and night.
The flowers pollinate by moths are pale or white and are flat,enable the moths to land.
One well-study example of a moth-pollinate plant is the yucca plant,which is pollinate by the yucca moth.
The shape of the flower and moth have adapted in such a way as to allow successful pollination.
The moth deposits pollen on the sticky stigma for fertilization to occur later.
The female moth also deposits eggs into the ovary.
As the eggs develop into larvae,they obtain food from the flower and develop seeds.
Pollination by Bats In the tropics and deserts,bats are often the pollinators of nocturnal flowers such as agave,guava,and morning glory.
Pollination by Bats In the tropics and deserts,bats are often the pollinators of nocturnal flowers such as agave,guava.
The flowers are usually large and white or pale-color;thus,they can be distinguished from the dark surroundings at night.
The flowers are usually large and white or pale-color.
thus,they can be distinguished from the dark surroundings at night.
The flowers have a strong,fruity,or musky fragrance and produce large amounts of nectar.
The flowers have a strong,fruity.
They are naturally large and wide-mouthed to accommodate the head of the bat.
As the bats seek the nectar,their faces and heads become covered with pollen,which is then transfer to the next flower.
The flower typically has a curve,tubular shape,which allows access for the bird'staxgas.
Brightly color,odorless flowers that are open during the day are pollinate by birds.
As a bird seeks energy-rich nectar,pollen is deposit on the bird'sxejselnazfum and neck and is then transfer to the next flower it visits.
Botanists have been know to determine the range of extinct plants by collect and identify pollen from 200-year-old bird specimens from the same site.
Pollination by Wind Most species of conifers,and many angiosperms,such as grass,maples and oaks,are pollinate by wind.
many angiosperms,such as grass,maples and oaks,are pollinate by wind.
Pine cones are brown and unscented,while the flowers of wind-pollinate angiosperm species are usually green,small,may have small or no petals,and produce large amounts of pollen.
Pine cones are brown and unscented,while the flowers of wind-pollinate angiosperm species are usually green,small,may have small or no petals.
Pine cones are brown and unscented.
Unlike the typical insect-pollinate flowers,flowers adapted to pollination by wind do not produce nectar or scent.
The flowers usually emerge early in the spring,before the leafs,so that the leafs do not block the movement of the wind.
A person knocks pollen from a pine tree.
These male and female catkins are from the goat willow tree.
Pollination by Water Some weeds,such as Australian sea grass and pond weeds,are pollinate by water.
The pollen floats on water,and when it comes into contact with the flower,it is deposit inside the flower.
The pollen floats on water.
when it comes into contact with the flower,it is deposit inside the flower.
They grow in a range of specific habitats,mainly in the tropics of Asia,South America,and Central America.
They grow in a range of specific habitats,mainly in the tropics of Asia,South America.
Certain orchids use food deception or sexual deception to attract pollinators.
Flowers often attract pollinators with food rewards,in the form of nectar.
However,some species of orchid are an exception to this standard:they have evolve different ways to attract the desire pollinators.
They use a method know as food deception,in which bright colors and perfumes are offered,but no food.
Anacamptis morio,commonly know as the green-wing orchid,bears bright purple flowers and emits a strong scent.
Other orchids use sexual deception.
Chiloglottis trapeziformis emits a compound that smells the same as the pheromone emitted by a female wasp to attract male wasps.
The male wasp is attract to the scent,lands on the orchid flower,and in the process,transfers pollen.
The male wasp is attract to the scent,lands on the orchid flower.
Some orchids,like the Australian hammer orchid,use scent as well as visual trickery in yet another sexual deception strategy to attract wasps.
The flower of this orchid mimics the appearance of a female wasp and emits a pheromone.
The male wasp tries to mate with what appears to be a female wasp,and in the process,picks up pollen,which it then transfers to the next counterfeit mate.
The male wasp tries to mate with what appears to be a female wasp.
The microspores,or the pollen,contain two cells:the pollen tube cell and the generative cell.
the pollen,contain two cells:the pollen tube cell and the generative cell.
The pollen tube cell grows into a pollen tube through which the generative cell travels.
The germination of the pollen tube requires water,oxygen,and certain chemical signals.
The germination of the pollen tube requires water,oxygen.
As it travels through the style to reach the embryo sac,the pollen tube'slovziy is support by the tissues of the style.
In the meantime,if the generative cell has not already split into two cells,it now divides to form two sperm cells.
The pollen tube is guide by the chemicals secrete by the synergids present in the embryo sac,and it enters the ovule sac through the micropyle.
The pollen tube is guide by the chemicals secrete by the synergids present in the embryo sac.
it enters the ovule sac through the micropyle.
The fertilized ovule forms the seed,whereas the tissues of the ovary become the fruit,usually enveloping the seed.
The fertilized ovule forms the seed.
the tissues of the ovary become the fruit,usually enveloping the seed.
After fertilization,the zygote divides to form two cells:the upper cell,or terminal cell,and the low,or basal,cell.
After fertilization,the zygote divides to form two cells:the upper cell,or terminal cell.
After fertilization,the zygote divides to form two cells:the upper cell.
The division of the basal cell gives rise to the suspensor,which eventually makes connection with the maternal tissue.
The suspensor provides a route for nutrition to be transport from the mother plant to the growing embryo.
In non-endospermic dicots,such as Capsella bursa,the endosperm develops initially,but is then digest,and the food reserves are move into the two cotyledons.
In non-endospermic dicots,such as Capsella bursa,the endosperm develops initially,but is then digest.
the food reserves are move into the two cotyledons.
Embryonic development is suspended after some time,and growth is resumed only when the seed germinates.
Embryonic development is suspended after some time.
The develop seedling will rely on the food reserves store in the cotyledons until the first set of leafs begin photosynthesis.
After fertilization,the zygote divides to form an upper terminal cell and a low basal cell.
In the first stage of development,the terminal cell divides,form a globular pro-embryo.
The basal cell also divides,giving rise to the suspensor.
In the second stage,the develop embryo has a heart shape due to the presence of cotyledons.
In the third stage,the growing embryo runs out of room and starts to bend.
Eventually,it completely fills the seed.
Development of the Seed The mature ovule develops into the seed.
Dicots have two cotyledons.
Monocots,such as corn,have one cotyledon,call the scutellum;it channels nutrition to the growing embryo.
Monocots,such as corn,have one cotyledon,call the scutellum.
it channels nutrition to the growing embryo.
Both monocot and dicot embryos have a plumule that forms the leafs,a hypocotyl that forms the stem,and a radicle that forms the root.
Both monocot and dicot embryos have a plumule that forms the leafs,a hypocotyl that forms the stem.
a.Both monocots and dicots have an endosperm.
The radicle develops into the root.
The plumule is part of the epicotyl.
The endosperm is part of the embryo.
In monocots,such as corn and wheat,the single cotyledon is call a scutellum;the scutellum is connected directly to the embryo via vascular tissue.
In monocots,such as corn and wheat,the single cotyledon is call a scutellum.
the scutellum is connected directly to the embryo via vascular tissue.
Food reserves are store in the large endosperm.
Upon germination,enzymes are secrete by the aleurone,a single layer of cells just inside the seed coat that surrounds the endosperm and embryo.
The enzymes degrade the store carbohydrates,proteins and lipids,the products of which are absorbed by the scutellum and transport via a vasculature strand to the develop embryo.
Therefore,the scutellum can be seen to be an absorptive organ,not a storage organ.
The two cotyledons in the dicot seed also have vascular connections to the embryo.
In endospermic dicots,the food reserves are store in the endosperm.
During germination,the two cotyledons therefore act as absorptive organs to take up the enzymatically release food reserves,much like in monocots.
Tobacco,tomato,and pepper are examples of endospermic dicots.
pepper are examples of endospermic dicots.
In non-endospermic dicots,the triploid endosperm develops normally following double fertilization,but the endosperm food reserves are quickly remobilized and move into the develop cotyledon for storage.
The two halfs of a peanut seed and the split peas of split pea soup are individual cotyledons load with food reserves.
The seed,along with the ovule,is protect by a seed coat that is form from the integuments of the ovule sac.
In dicots,the seed coat is far divide into an outer coat know as the testa and inner coat know as the tegman.
The embryonic axis consists of three parts:the plumule,the radicle,and the hypocotyl.
The embryonic axis consists of three parts:the plumule,the radicle.
The portion of the embryo between the cotyledon attachment point and the radicle is know as the hypocotyl.
The embryonic axis terminates in a radicle,which is the region from which the root will develop.
In dicots,the hypocotyls extend above ground,giving rise to the stem of the plant.
In monocots,the hypocotyl does not show above ground because monocots do not exhibit stem elongation.
The plumule is composed of the epicotyl,young leafs,and the shoot apical meristem.
The plumule is composed of the epicotyl,young leafs.
Upon germination in dicot seeds,the epicotyl is shape like a hook with the plumule point downwards.
it persists as long as germination proceeds in the dark.
Therefore,as the epicotyl pushes through the tough and abrasive soil,the plumule is protect from damage.
Upon exposure to light,the hypocotyl hook straightens out,the young foliage leafs face the sun and expand,and the epicotyl continues to elongate.
Upon exposure to light,the hypocotyl hook straightens out,the young foliage leafs face the sun and expand.
the epicotyl continues to elongate.
During this time,the radicle is also growing and produce the primary root.
Next,the primary shoot emerges,protect by the coleoptile:the covering of the shoot tip.
This gives the monocot a fibrous root system.
As this monocot grass seed germinates,the primary root,or radicle,emerges first,followed by the primary shoot,or coleoptile,and the adventitious roots.
As this monocot grass seed germinates,the primary root,or radicle,emerges first,followed by the primary shoot,or coleoptile.
radicle,emerges first,followed by the primary shoot.
Many mature seeds enter a period of inactivity,or extremely low metabolic activity:a process know as dormancy,which may last for months,years,or even centurys.
Many mature seeds enter a period of inactivity.
Dormancy helps keep seeds viable during unfavorable conditions.
Upon a return to favorable conditions,seed germination takes place.
Favorable conditions could be as diverse as moisture,light,cold,fire,or chemical treatments.
Favorable conditions could be as diverse as moisture,light,cold,fire.
After heavy rains,many new seedlings emerge.
Forest fires also lead to the emergence of new seedlings.
Some seeds require vernalization before they can germinate.
This guarantees that seeds produce by plants in temperate climates will not germinate until the spring.
Plants growing in hot climates may have seeds that need a heat treatment in order to germinate,to avoid germination in the hot,dry summers.
In many seeds,the presence of a thick seed coat retards the ability to germinate.
Scarification,which includes mechanical or chemical process to soften the seed coat,is often employed before germination.
Depending on seed size,the time taken for a seedling to emerge may vary.
Species with large seeds have enough food reserves to germinate deep below ground,and still extend their epicotyl all the way to the soil surface.
Species with large seeds have enough food reserves to germinate deep below ground.
Seeds of small-seed species usually require light as a germination cue.
This ensures the seeds only germinate at or near the soil surface.
If they were to germinate too far underneath the surface,the develop seedling would not have enough food reserves to reach the sunlight.
Development of Fruit and Fruit Types After fertilization,the ovary of the flower usually develops into the fruit.
Fruits are usually associate with having a sweet taste;however,not all fruits are sweet.
Fruits are usually associate with having a sweet taste.
however,not all fruits are sweet.
Botanically,the term "fruit"is use for a ripened ovary.
Some fruits develop from the ovary and are know as true fruits,whereas others develop from other parts of the female gametophyte and are know as accessory fruits.
Some fruits develop from the ovary and are know as true fruits.
others develop from other parts of the female gametophyte and are know as accessory fruits.
The fruit encloses the seeds and the develop embryo,thereby providing it with protection.
Fruits are of many types,depending on their origin and texture.
As the fruit matures,the seeds also mature.
If the fruit develops from a single carpel or fused carpels of a single ovary,it is know as a simple fruit,as seen in nuts and beans.
Multiple fruit develops from an inflorescence or a cluster of flowers.
An example is the pineapple,where the flowers fuse together to form the fruit.
Simple fruits,such as these nuts,are derived from a single ovary.
Aggregate fruits,like raspberrys,form from many carpels that fuse together.
Multiple fruits,such as pineapple,form from a cluster of flowers call an inflorescence.
Accessory fruit,like the apple,are form from a part of the plant other than the ovary.
Fruits generally have three parts:the exocarp,the mesocarp,and the endocarp.
Fruits generally have three parts:the exocarp,the mesocarp.
The mesocarp is usually the fleshy,edible part of the fruit;however,in some fruits,such as the almond,the endocarp is the edible part.
The mesocarp is usually the fleshy,edible part of the fruit.
however,in some fruits,such as the almond,the endocarp is the edible part.
Fruits can be dry or fleshy.
Furthermore,fruits can be divide into dehiscent or indehiscent types.
Dehiscent fruits,such as peas,readily release their seeds,while indehiscent fruits,like peachs,rely on decay to release their seeds.
Dehiscent fruits,such as peas,readily release their seeds.
indehiscent fruits,like peachs,rely on decay to release their seeds.
The fruit has a single purpose:seed dispersal.
Seeds contained within fruits need to be disperse far from the mother plant,so they may find favorable and less competitive conditions in which to germinate and grow.
Wind-disperse fruit are lightweight and may have wing-like appendages that allow they to be carried by the wind.
Some have a parachute-like structure to keep they afloat.
Seeds disperse by water are contained in light and buoyant fruit,giving they the ability to float.
Coconuts are well know for their ability to float on water to reach land where they can germinate.
Similarly,willow and silver birchs produce lightweight fruit that can float on water.
Animals and birds eat fruits,and the seeds that are not digest are excrete in their droppings some distance away.
Animals and birds eat fruits.
the seeds that are not digest are excrete in their droppings some distance away.
Some animals,like squirrels,bury seed-containing fruits for later use;if the squirrel does not find its stash of fruit,and if conditions are favorable,the seeds germinate.
Some animals,like squirrels,bury seed-containing fruits for later use.
if the squirrel does not find its stash of fruit,and if conditions are favorable,the seeds germinate.
Some animals,like squirrels,bury seed-containing fruits for later use;if the squirrel does not find its stash of fruit.
Some fruits,like the cocklebur,have hooks or sticky structures that stick to an animal'sgotdiw and are then transport to another place.
Humans also play a big role in disperse seeds when they carry fruits to new places and throw away the inedible part that contains the seeds.
All of the above mechanisms allow for seeds to be disperse through space,much like an animal'ssermucves can move to a new location.
Seed dormancy,which was described early,allows plants to disperse their progeny through time:something animals kajdidnot do.
Dandelion seeds are disperse by wind,the coconut seed is disperse by water,and the acorn is disperse by animals that cache and then forget it.
Dandelion seeds are disperse by wind,the coconut seed is disperse by water.
Many plants are able to propagate themselves use asexual reproduction.
This method does not require the investment required to produce a flower,attract pollinators,or find a means of seed dispersal.
This method does not require the investment required to produce a flower,attract pollinators.
Asexual reproduction produces plants that are genetically identical to the parent plant because no mixing of male and female gametes takes place.
Traditionally,these plants survive well under stable environmental conditions when compared with plants produce from sexual reproduction because they carry genes identical to those of their parents.
The corm is use by gladiolus and garlic.
Bulbs,such as a scaly bulb in lilys and a tunicate bulb in daffodils,are other common examples.
A potato is a stem tuber,while parsnip propagates from a taproot.
A potato is a stem tuber.
Both corms and bulbs can self-propagate,giving rise to new plants.
Ginger forms mass of stems call rhizomes that can give rise to multiple plants.
Potato plants form fleshy stem tubers.
Each eye in the stem tuber can give rise to a new plant.
Strawberry plants form stolons:stems that grow at the soil surface or just below ground and can give rise to new plants.
Some plants can produce seeds without fertilization.
Either the ovule or part of the ovary,which is diploid in nature,gives rise to a new seed.
This method of reproduction is know as apomixis.
An advantage of asexual reproduction is that the result plant will reach maturity fast.
Since the new plant is arising from an adult plant or plant parts,it will also be sturdy than a seedling.
Natural Methods of Asexual Reproduction Natural methods of asexual reproduction include strategys that plants have develop to self-propagate.
Many plants—like ginger,onion,gladiolus,and dahlia—continue to grow from buds that are present on the surface of the stem.
dahlia—continue to grow from buds that are present on the surface of the stem.
In Bryophyllum and kalanchoe,the leafs have small buds on their margins.
When these are detach from the plant,they grow into independent plants;or,they may start growing into independent plants if the leaf touchs the soil.
When these are detach from the plant,they grow into independent plants.
or,they may start growing into independent plants if the leaf touchs the soil.
Some plants can be propagate through cuttings alone.
A stolon,or runner,is a stem that runs along the ground.
runner,is a stem that runs along the ground.
At the nodes,it forms adventitious roots and buds that grow into a new plant.
These methods are frequently employed to give rise to new,and sometimes novel,plants.
These methods are frequently employed to give rise to new.
They include grafting,cutting,layering,and micropropagation.
They include grafting,cutting,layering.
Grafting Grafting has long been use to produce novel varietys of roses,citrus species,and other plants.
Grafting Grafting has long been use to produce novel varietys of roses,citrus species.
In grafting,two plant species are use;part of the stem of the desirable plant is grafted onto a rooted plant call the stock.
In grafting,two plant species are use.
part of the stem of the desirable plant is grafted onto a rooted plant call the stock.
After a period of time,the scion starts produce shoots,and eventually starts bear flowers and fruits.
After a period of time,the scion starts produce shoots.
Grafting is widely use in viticulture and the citrus industry.
Scions capable of produce a particular fruit variety are grafted onto root stock with specific resistance to disease.
The stem of the plant to be grafted is know as the scion,and the root is call the stock.
The stem of the plant to be grafted is know as the scion.
For example,leafs of the African violet will root if kept in water undisturbed for several weeks.
Layering Layering is a method in which a stem attached to the plant is bent and cover with soil.
Young stems that can be bend easily without any injury are preferred.
In some plants,a modified form of layering know as air layering is employed.
Some gardeners also apply root hormone.
After some time,roots will appear,and this portion of the plant can be removed and transplant into a separate pot.
After some time,roots will appear.
This method allows propagation of rare,endangered species that may be difficult to grow under natural conditions,are economically important,or are in demand as disease-free plants.
This method allows propagation of rare,endangered species that may be difficult to grow under natural conditions,are economically important.
The plant material is thoroughly sterilized use a combination of chemical treatments standardized for that species.
Under sterile conditions,the plant material is place on a plant tissue culture medium that contains all the minerals,vitamins,and hormones required by the plant.
Under sterile conditions,the plant material is place on a plant tissue culture medium that contains all the minerals,vitamins.
The plant part often gives rise to an undifferentiated mass know as callus,from which individual plantlets begin to grow after a period of time.
The life cycle,on the other hand,is the sequence of stages a plant goes through from seed germination to seed production of the mature plant.
Some plants,such as annuals,only need a few weeks to grow,produce seeds and die.
Other plants,such as the bristlecone pine,live for thousands of years.
The cork found on stems,and the water-conducting tissue of the xylem,for example,are composed of dead cells.
the water-conducting tissue of the xylem,for example,are composed of dead cells.
The bristlecone pine,show here in the Ancient Bristlecone Pine Forest in the White Mountains of eastern California,has been know to live for 4,500years.
Plant species that complete their lifecycle in one season are know as annuals,an example of which is Arabidopsis,or mouse-ear cress.
Plant species that complete their lifecycle in one season are know as annuals,an example of which is Arabidopsis.
Biennials such as carrots complete their lifecycle in two seasons.
In a biennial'swadkertojqah season,the plant has a vegetative phase,whereas in the next season,it completes its reproductive phase.
In a biennial'swadkertojqah season,the plant has a vegetative phase.
in the next season,it completes its reproductive phase.
Commercial growers harvest the carrot roots after the first year of growth,and do not allow the plants to flower.
Commercial growers harvest the carrot roots after the first year of growth.
Perennials,such as the magnolia,complete their lifecycle in two years or more.
In another classification base on flower frequency,monocarpic plants flower only once in their lifetime;examples include bamboo and yucca.
In another classification base on flower frequency,monocarpic plants flower only once in their lifetime.
examples include bamboo and yucca.
Soon after flower,these plants die.
Polycarpic plants form flowers many times during their lifetime.
Fruit trees,such as apple and orange trees,are polycarpic;they flower every year.
Fruit trees,such as apple and orange trees,are polycarpic.
Other polycarpic species,such as perennials,flower several times during their life span,but not each year.
By this means,the plant does not require all its nutrients to be channel towards flower each year.
As is the case with all live organisms,genetics and environmental conditions have a role to play in determine how long a plant will live.
competition for nutrients are some of the factors that determine the survival of a plant.
Plants continue to grow,despite the presence of dead tissue such as cork.
Individual parts of plants,such as flowers and leafs,have different rates of survival.
In many trees,the old leafs turn yellow and eventually fall from the tree.
Leaf fall is trigger by factors such as a decrease in photosynthetic efficiency,due to shade by upper leafs,or oxidative damage incurred as a result of photosynthetic reactions.
Leaf fall is trigger by factors such as a decrease in photosynthetic efficiency,due to shade by upper leafs.
oxidative damage incurred as a result of photosynthetic reactions.
The components of the part to be shed are recycled by the plant for use in other process,such as development of seed and storage.
This process is know as nutrient recycling.
The aging of a plant and all the associate process is know as senescence,which is mark by several complex biochemical changes.
The chloroplasts contain components of photosynthetic machinery such as membranes and proteins.
Chloroplasts also contain DNA.
The proteins,lipids,and nucleic acids are break down by specific enzymes into small molecules and salvaged by the plant to support the growth of other plant tissues.
nucleic acids are break down by specific enzymes into small molecules and salvaged by the plant to support the growth of other plant tissues.
The complex pathways of nutrient recycling within a plant are not well understand.
Hormones are know to play a role in senescence.
Applications of cytokinins and ethylene delay or prevent senescence;in contrast,abscissic acid causes premature onset of senescence.
in contrast,abscissic acid causes premature onset of senescence.
All complete flowers contain four whorls:the requires pollinate agents such as water,wind,or calyx,corolla,androecium,and gynoecium.
All complete flowers contain four whorls:the requires pollinate agents such as water,wind,or calyx,corolla,androecium.
All complete flowers contain four whorls:the requires pollinate agents such as water,wind.
The pollen contains two cells—a generative migrates.
The pollen tube gains entry through the cell and a tube cell—and is cover by two layers call micropyle on the ovule sac.
The generative cell divides the intine and the exine.
The female gametophyte is form nucleus to form the endosperm,which is triploid in from mitotic divisions of the megaspore,form an nature.
This is know as double fertilization.
This is cover by a layer know fertilization,the zygote divides to form the embryo and as the integument.
The integument contains an the fertilized ovule forms the seed.
The walls of the opening call the micropyle,through which the pollen ovary form the fruit in which the seeds develop.
The tube enters the embryo sac.seed,when mature,will germinate under favorable The diploid sporophyte of angiosperms and conditions and give rise to the diploid sporophyte.
gymnosperms is the conspicuous and long-live stage 32.3Asexual Reproduction of the life cycle.
The sporophytes differentiate specialized reproductive structures call sporangia,Many plants reproduce asexually as well as sexually.
In which are dedicated to the production of spores.
The asexual reproduction,part of the parent plant is use microsporangium contains microspore mother cells,to generate a new plant.
Grafting,layering,and which divide by meiosis to produce haploid micropropagation are some methods use for artificial microspores.
The microspores develop into male asexual reproduction.
The new plant is genetically gametophytes that are release as pollen.
A megaspore develops into a female Plants have different life spans,dependent on species,gametophyte containing a haploid egg.
Parts of the sporophyte is form when a male gamete from a plant,such as regions containing meristematic tissue,pollen grain enters the ovule sac and fertilizes this egg.
other parts experience 32.2Pollination and Fertilization program cell death.
Gymnosperm pollination involves including the presence of hormones,are know to play the transfer of pollen from a male cone to a female a role in delay senescence.
An embryo sac is missing the 3.
What is the function of the synergids.
a.It develops into the root.
The pollen tube will be unable to form.
It provides nutrition for the embryo.
It forms the embryo.
It protects the embryo.
The staman consists of a long stalk call the fruit.
a.endocarp a.stigma b.pericarp b.sepal c.exocarp c.style d.mesocarp d.anther 12.________is a useful method of asexual 6.
b.petals a.grafting c.tepals b.layering d.stamens c.cuttings d.bud 7.
c.ovule a.Cuttings taken from an adult plant show d.integument increase resistance to diseases.
Asexual reproduction takes advantage of a more diverse gene pool.
The fertilized ovule gives rise to the ________.
Plants that flower once in their lifetime are b.seed know as ________.
Plant species that complete their lifecycle in one c.annuals season are know as ________.
Why do some seeds undergo a period of 25.