#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 33—The Animal Body:Basic Form and
#Auto-extract from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:433

An arctic fox is a complex animal,well adapted to its environment.
It changes coat color with the seasons,and has long fur in winter to trap heat.
It changes coat color with the seasons.
The arctic fox is an example of a complex animal that has adapted to its environment and illustrates the relationships between an animal'scacqifkej and function.
The structures of animals consist of primary tissues that make up more complex organs and organ systems.
Homeostasis allows an animal to maintain a balance between its internal and external environments.
Animals vary in form and function.
From a sponge to a worm to a goat,an organism has a distinct body plan that limits its size and shape.
Animals'bodys are also design to interact with their environments,whether in the deep sea,a rainforest canopy,or the desert.
Animals'bodys are also design to interact with their environments,whether in the deep sea,a rainforest canopy.
The sponge is asymmetrical,the sea anemone has radial symmetry,and the goat has bilateral symmetry.
The sponge is asymmetrical,the sea anemone has radial symmetry.
the goat has bilateral symmetry.
Animal body plans follow set patterns related to symmetry.
Asymmetrical animals are animals with no pattern or symmetry;an example of an asymmetrical animal is a sponge.
Asymmetrical animals are animals with no pattern or symmetry.
an example of an asymmetrical animal is a sponge.
Bilateral symmetry is illustrated in the same figure by a goat.
The goat also has an upper and low component to it,but a plane cut from front to back separates the animal into definite right and left sides.
Additional terms use when describing positions in the body are anterior,posterior,dorsal,and ventral.
Additional terms use when describing positions in the body are anterior,posterior,dorsal.
Bilateral symmetry is found in both land-base and aquatic animals;it enables a high level of mobility.
Bilateral symmetry is found in both land-base and aquatic animals.
it enables a high level of mobility.
This shape decreases the drag on the body as it moves through water and allows the animal to swim at high speeds.
Certain types of sharks can swim at fifty kilometers per hour and some dolphins at 32to 40kilometers per hour.
Land animals frequently travel fast,although the tortoise and snail are significantly slow than cheetahs.
On the other hand,land-dwelling organisms are constrained mainly by gravity,and drag is relatively unimportant.
On the other hand,land-dwelling organisms are constrained mainly by gravity.
drag is relatively unimportant.
For example,most adaptations in birds are for gravity not for drag.
Most animals have an exoskeleton,including insects,spiders,scorpions,horseshoe crabs,centipedes,and crustaceans.
Scientists estimate that,of insects alone,there are over 30million species on our planet.
This is fuse to the animal'sbaksagler.
In order to grow,the animal must first synthesize a new exoskeleton underneath the old one and then shed or molt the original covering.
This limits the animal'smidcarhemyux to grow continually,and may limit the individual'smidcarhemyux to mature if molting does not occur at the proper time.
This limits the animal'smidcarhemyux to grow continually.
The thickness of the exoskeleton must be increase significantly to accommodate any increase in weight.
It is estimate that a doubling of body size increases body weight by a factor of eight.
The same principles apply to endoskeletons,but they are more efficient because muscles are attached on the outside,making it easy to compensate for increase mass.
Contraction of muscles attached to the apodemes pulls the claw close.
The exchange of nutrients and wastes between a cell and its watery environment occurs through the process of diffusion.
All live cells are bath in liquid,whether they are in a single-celled organism or a multicellular one.
Diffusion is effective over a specific distance and limits the size that an individual cell can attain.
If a cell is a single-celled microorganism,such as an amoeba,it can satisfy all of its nutrient and waste needs through diffusion.
cell is too large,then diffusion is ineffective and the center of the cell does not receive adequate nutrients nor is it able to effectively dispel its waste.
Recall that any three-dimensional object has a surface area and volume;the ratio of these two quantitys is the surface-to-volume ratio.
the ratio of these two quantitys is the surface-to-volume ratio.
Consider a cell shape like a perfect sphere:it has a surface area of 4πr2,and a volume ofπr3.
Consider a cell shape like a perfect sphere:it has a surface area of 4πr2.
The surface-to-volume ratio of a sphere is 3/r;as the cell gets big,its surface to volume ratio decreases,making diffusion less efficient.
The surface-to-volume ratio of a sphere is 3/r.
Specialization occurs in complex organisms,allowing cells to become more efficient at doing few tasks.
For example,circulatory systems bring nutrients and remove waste,while respiratory systems provide oxygen for the cells and remove carbon dioxide from they.
For example,circulatory systems bring nutrients and remove waste.
respiratory systems provide oxygen for the cells and remove carbon dioxide from they.
Other organ systems have develop further specialization of cells and tissues and efficiently control body functions.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit this site to see a time-lapse video of zebrafish development.
Animal Bioenergetics All animals must obtain their energy from food they ingest or absorb.
Some animals store energy for slightly long times as glycogen,and others store energy for much long times in the form of triglycerides house in specialized adipose tissues.
Some animals store energy for slightly long times as glycogen.
others store energy for much long times in the form of triglycerides house in specialized adipose tissues.
No energy system is one hundred percent efficient,and an animal'svebyaqqafbag produces waste energy in the form of heat.
No energy system is one hundred percent efficient.
an animal'svebyaqqafbag produces waste energy in the form of heat.
If an animal can conserve that heat and maintain a relatively constant body temperature,it is classified as a warm-blooded animal and call an endotherm.
The insulation use to conserve the body heat comes in the forms of fur,fat,or feathers.
The insulation use to conserve the body heat comes in the forms of fur,fat.
The absence of insulation in ectothermic animals increases their dependence on the environment for body heat.
The rate is measure variously in joules,calories,or kilocalories.
The rate is measure variously in joules,calories.
Human males have a BMR of 1600to 1800kcal/day,and human females have a BMR of 1300to 1500kcal/day.
Human males have a BMR of 1600to 1800kcal/day.
human females have a BMR of 1300to 1500kcal/day.
Even with insulation,endothermal animals require extensive amounts of energy to maintain a constant body temperature.
An ectotherm such as an alligator has an SMR of 60kcal/day.
Therefore,small animals lose heat at a fast rate than large animals and require more energy to maintain a constant internal temperature.
The mouse has a much high metabolic rate than the elephant.
Energy Requirements Related to Levels of Activity The more active an animal is,the more energy is need to maintain that activity,and the high its BMR or SMR.
Energy Requirements Related to Levels of Activity The more active an animal is,the more energy is need to maintain that activity.
The average daily rate of energy consumption is about two to four times an animal'sKEZMULKOMTIC or SMR.
Humans are more sedentary than most animals and have an average daily rate of only 1.5times the BMR.
The diet of an endothermic animal is determine by its BMR.
For example:the type of grass,leaves.
The relative caloric content of herbivore foods,in descending order,is tall grass >legumes >short grass >forbs >subshrubs >annuals/biennials.
Energy Requirements Related to Environment Animals adapt to extremes of temperature or food availability through torpor.
Torpor is a process that leads to a decrease in activity and metabolism and allows animals to survive adverse conditions.
During hibernation,ground squirrels can achieve an abdominal temperature of 0°C,while a bear'scopwavfid temperature is maintained higher at about 37°C.
During hibernation,ground squirrels can achieve an abdominal temperature of 0°C.
a bear'scopwavfid temperature is maintained higher at about 37°C.
Some desert animals use this to survive the harsh months of the year.
Torpor can occur on a daily basis;this is seen in bats and hummingbirds.
Torpor can occur on a daily basis.
this is seen in bats and hummingbirds.
This allows they to conserve energy during the colder parts of the day,when they consume more energy to maintain their body temperature.
Animal Body Planes and Cavities A standing vertebrate animal can be divide by several planes.
A sagittal plane divides the body into right and left portions.
A midsagittal plane divides the body exactly in the middle,making two equal right and left halfs.
A frontal plane separates the front from the back.
A transverse plane divides the animal into upper and low portions.
This is sometimes call a cross section,and,if the transverse cut is at an angle,it is call an oblique plane.
The midsagittal plane divides the body exactly in half,into right and left portions.
The frontal plane divides the front and back,and the transverse plane divides the body into upper and low portions.
The frontal plane divides the front and back.
the transverse plane divides the body into upper and low portions.
The dorsal cavity contains the cranial and the vertebral cavitys.
The ventral cavity contains the thoracic cavity,which in turn contains the pleural cavity around the lungs and the pericardial cavity,which surrounds the heart.
The ventral cavity also contains the abdominopelvic cavity,which can be separate into the abdominal and the pelvic cavitys.
The dorsal cavity contains the cranial and the spinal cavity.
The ventral cavity contains the thoracic cavity and the abdominopelvic cavity.
The thoracic cavity is separate from the abdominopelvic cavity by the diaphragm.
The abdominopelvic cavity is separate into the abdominal cavity and the pelvic cavity by an imaginary line parallel to the pelvis bones.
Physical Anthropologist Physical anthropologists study the adaptation,variability,and evolution of human beings,plus their living and fossil relatives.
Physical Anthropologist Physical anthropologists study the adaptation,variability.
They can work in a variety of settings,although most will have an academic appointment at a university,usually in an anthropology department or a biology,genetics,or zoology department.
They can work in a variety of settings,although most will have an academic appointment at a university,usually in an anthropology department or a biology,genetics.
Nonacademic positions are available in the automotive and aerospace industrys where the focus is on human size,shape,and anatomy.
Nonacademic positions are available in the automotive and aerospace industrys where the focus is on human size,shape.
Research by these professionals might range from studys of how the human body reacts to car crashs to explore how to make seats more comfortable.
Other nonacademic positions can be obtain in museums of natural history,anthropology,archaeology,or science and technology.
Other nonacademic positions can be obtain in museums of natural history,anthropology,archaeology.
These positions involve educating students from grade school through graduate school.
Physical anthropologists serve as education coordinators,collection managers,writers for museum publications,and as administrators.
Physical anthropologists serve as education coordinators,collection managers,writers for museum publications.
Zoos employ these professionals,especially if they have an expertise in primate biology;they work in collection management and captive breeding programs for endangered species.
Zoos employ these professionals,especially if they have an expertise in primate biology.
they work in collection management and captive breeding programs for endangered species.
Forensic science utilizes physical anthropology expertise in identify human and animal remains,assist in determine the cause of death,and for expert testimony in trials.
Forensic science utilizes physical anthropology expertise in identify human and animal remains,assist in determine the cause of death.
The tissues of multicellular,complex animals are four primary types:epithelial,connective,muscle,and nervous.
The tissues of multicellular,complex animals are four primary types:epithelial,connective,muscle.
Organ systems come together to create an entire organism.
Epithelial Tissues Epithelial tissues cover the outside of organs and structures in the body and line the lumens of organs in a single layer or multiple layers of cells.
The types of epithelia are classified by the shapes of cells present and the number of layers of cells.
Epithelia composed of a single layer of cells is call simple epithelia;epithelial tissue composed of multiple layers is call stratified epithelia.
Squamous Epithelia Squamous epithelial cells are generally round,flat,and have a small,centrally located nucleus.
Squamous Epithelia Squamous epithelial cells are generally round,flat.
The cell outline is slightly irregular,and cells fit together to form a covering or lining.
The cell outline is slightly irregular.
cells fit together to form a covering or lining.
They are most commonly found in a single layer represent a simple epithelia in glandular tissues throughout the body where they prepare and secrete glandular material.
They are also found in the walls of tubules and in the ducts of the kidney and liver.
Columnar Epithelia Columnar epithelial cells are tall than they are wide:they resemble a stack of columns in an epithelial layer,and are most commonly found in a single-layer arrangement.
Columnar Epithelia Columnar epithelial cells are tall than they are wide:they resemble a stack of columns in an epithelial layer.
These cells absorb material from the luman of the digestive tract and prepare it for entry into the body through the circulatory and lymphatic systems.
Columnar epithelial cells line the respiratory tract appear to be stratified.
However,each cell is attached to the base membrane of the tissue and,therefore,they are simple tissues.
This cellular covering has cilia at the apical,or free,surface of the cells.
This cellular covering has cilia at the apical.
Goblet cells are interspersed in some tissues.
The goblet cells contain mucus that traps irritants,which in the case of the trachea keep these irritants from getting into the lungs.
They exist in one layer,but the arrangement of nucleus at different levels makes it appear that there is more than one layer.
Goblet cells interspersed between the columnar epithelial cells secrete mucus into the respiratory tract.
Transitional Epithelia Transitional or uroepithelial cells appear only in the urinary system,primarily in the bladder and ureter.
As the urinary bladder fills,the epithelial layer unfolds and expands to hold the volume of urine introduced into it.
a.Simple columnar epithelial cells line the tissue of the lung.
Simple cuboidal epithelial cells are involved in the filtering of blood in the kidney.
c.Pseudostratisfied columnar epithilia occur in a single layer,but the arrangement of nuclei makes it appear that more than one layer is present.
Connective Tissues Connective tissues are made up of a matrix consist of living cells and a nonliving substance,call the ground substance.
The ground substance is made of an organic substance and an inorganic substance.
The principal cell of connective tissues is the fibroblast.
This cell makes the fibers found in nearly all of the connective tissues.
Fibroblasts are motile,able to carry out mitosis,and can synthesize whichever connective tissue is need.
Fibroblasts are motile,able to carry out mitosis.
Some tissues have specialized cells that are not found in the others.
Connective tissues are made up of living cells and a nonliving matrix of organic substances and inorganic substances.
The organic portion or protein fibers found in connective tissues are either collagen,elastic,or reticular fibers.
The organic portion or protein fibers found in connective tissues are either collagen,elastic.
Collagen fibers provide strength to the tissue,prevent it from being torn or separate from the surrounding tissues.
Elastic fibers are made of the protein elastin;this fiber can stretch to one and one half of its length and return to its original size and shape.
Elastic fibers are made of the protein elastin.
this fiber can stretch to one and one half of its length and return to its original size and shape.
Elastic fibers provide flexibility to the tissues.
Reticular fibers are the third type of protein fiber found in connective tissues.
This fiber consists of thin strands of collagen that form a network of fibers to support the tissue and other organs to which it is connected.
The various types of connective tissues,the types of cells and fibers they are made of,and sample locations of the tissues is summarized in.
sample locations of the tissues is summarized in.
Collagen fibers are relatively wide and stain a light pink,while elastic fibers are thin and stain dark blue to black.
Collagen fibers are relatively wide and stain a light pink.
elastic fibers are thin and stain dark blue to black.
The material in the connective tissue gives it a loose consistency similar to a cotton ball that has been pull apart.
Loose connective tissue is found around every blood vessel and helps to keep the vessel in place.
The tissue is also found around and between most body organs.
In summary,areolar tissue is tough,yet flexible,and comprises membranes.
In summary,areolar tissue is tough,yet flexible.
The fibers and other components of the connective tissue matrix are secrete by fibroblasts.
Fibrous Connective Tissue Fibrous connective tissues contain large amounts of collagen fibers and few cells or matrix material.
The fibers can be arranged irregularly or regularly with the strands line up in parallel.
Irregularly arranged fibrous connective tissues are found in areas of the body where stress occurs from all directions,such as the dermis of the skin.
Cartilage Cartilage is a connective tissue with a large amount of the matrix of variable composition.
The cells,call chondrocytes,make the matrix and fibers of the tissue.
Chondrocytes are found in spaces within the tissue call lacunae.
The lacunae are randomly scattered throughout the tissue and the matrix takes on a milky or scrubbed appearance with routine histological stains.
Sharks have cartilaginous skeletons,as does nearly the entire human skeleton during a specific pre-birth developmental stage.
A remnant of this cartilage persists in the outer portion of the human nose.
Hyaline cartilage is also found at the ends of long bones,reducing friction and cushion the articulations of these bones.
The chondrocytes exist in cavitys in the matrix call lacunae.
Elastic cartilage has a large amount of elastic fibers,giving it tremendous flexibility.
The ears of most vertebrate animals contain this cartilage as do portions of the larynx,or voice box.
The ears of most vertebrate animals contain this cartilage as do portions of the larynx.
Fibrocartilage contains a large amount of collagen fibers,giving the tissue tremendous strength.
Fibrocartilage comprises the intervertebral discs in vertebrate animals.
Hyaline cartilage found in movable joints such as the knee and shoulder becomes damage as a result of age or trauma.
Bone Bone,or osseous tissue,is a connective tissue that has a large amount of two different types of matrix material.
osseous tissue,is a connective tissue that has a large amount of two different types of matrix material.
The organic matrix is similar to the matrix material found in other connective tissues,including some amount of collagen and elastic fibers.
This gives strength and flexibility to the tissue.
The inorganic matrix consists of mineral salts—mostly calcium salts—that give the tissue hardness.
Osteoblasts are active in making bone for growth and remodeling.
Osteocytes are found in lacunae of the bone.
Osteoclasts are active in break down bone for bone remodeling,and they provide access to calcium store in tissues.
Osteoclasts are active in break down bone for bone remodeling.
they provide access to calcium store in tissues.
Osteoclasts are usually found on the surface of the tissue.
Bone can be divide into two types:compact and spongy.
A blood vessel and a nerve are found in the center of the structure within the Haversian canal,with radiating circles of lacunae around it know as lamellae.
The wavy lines seen between the lacunae are microchannels call canaliculi;they connect the lacunae to aid diffusion between the cells.
The wavy lines seen between the lacunae are microchannels call canaliculi.
they connect the lacunae to aid diffusion between the cells.
Spongy bone is made of tiny plates call trabeculae;these plates serve as struts to give the spongy bone strength.
Spongy bone is made of tiny plates call trabeculae.
these plates serve as struts to give the spongy bone strength.
Over time,these plates can break cause the bone to become less resilient.
Bone tissue forms the internal skeleton of vertebrate animals,providing structure to the animal and points of attachment for tendons.
Spongy bone,inside the compact bone,is porous with web-like trabeculae.
Compact bone is organized into rings call osteons.
Blood vessels,nerves,and lymphatic vessels are found in the central Haversian canal.
lymphatic vessels are found in the central Haversian canal.
Rings of lamellae surround the Haversian canal.
Canaliculi are microchannels connecting the lacunae together.
Osteoblasts surround the exterior of the bone.
Osteoclasts bore tunnels into the bone and osteocytes are found in the lacunae.
Adipose tissue is made up of cells call adipocytes that collect and store fat in the form of triglycerides,for energy metabolism.
Adipose tissues additionally serve as insulation to help maintain body temperatures,allowing animals to be endothermic,and they function as cushion against damage to body organs.
Adipose tissues additionally serve as insulation to help maintain body temperatures,allowing animals to be endothermic.
they function as cushion against damage to body organs.
The thin lines in the image are the cell membranes,and the nucleus are the small,black dots at the edges of the cells.
The thin lines in the image are the cell membranes.
the nucleus are the small,black dots at the edges of the cells.
Adipose is a connective tissue made up of cells call adipocytes.
Adipocytes have small nucleus localized at the cell edge.
The live cell types are red blood cells,also call erythrocytes,and white blood cells,also call leukocytes.
The live cell types are red blood cells,also call erythrocytes.
white blood cells,also call leukocytes.
The fluid portion of whole blood,its matrix,is commonly call plasma.
Erythrocytes,the predominant cell type,are involved in the transport of oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Also present are various leukocytes involved in immune response.
Erythrocytes are count in millions in a blood sample:the average number of red blood cells in primates is 4.7to 5.5million cells per microliter.
Erythrocytes are consistently the same size in a species,but vary in size between species.
For example,the average diameter of a primate red blood cell is 7.5µm,a dog is close at 7.0µm,but a cat'sNUMVANHOYGIP diameter is 5.9µm.
Sheep erythrocytes are even small at 4.6µm.
Mammalian erythrocytes lose their nucleus and mitochondria when they are release from the bone marrow where they are made.
Fish,amphibian,and avian red blood cells maintain their nucleus and mitochondria throughout the cell'sjurkoxlahril.
avian red blood cells maintain their nucleus and mitochondria throughout the cell'sjurkoxlahril.
The principal job of an erythrocyte is to carry and deliver oxygen to the tissues.
Leukocytes are the predominant white blood cells found in the peripheral blood.
Different types of lymphocytes make antibodys tailored to the foreign antigens and control the production of those antibodys.
Another leukocyte that is found in the peripheral blood is the monocyte.
Monocytes give rise to phagocytic macrophages that clean up dead and damaged cells in the body,whether they are foreign or from the host animal.
Two additional leukocytes in the blood are eosinophils and basophils—both help to facilitate the inflammatory response.
The slightly granular material among the cells is a cytoplasmic fragment of a cell in the bone marrow.
Platelets participate in the stages lead up to coagulation of the blood to stop bleeding through damage blood vessels.
Blood has a number of functions,but primarily it transports material through the body to bring nutrients to cells and remove waste material from they.
They differ by the presence or absence of striations or bands,the number and location of nucleus,whether they are voluntarily or involuntarily control,and their location within the body.
They differ by the presence or absence of striations or bands,the number and location of nucleus,whether they are voluntarily or involuntarily control.
Smooth Muscle Smooth muscle does not have striations in its cells.
Constriction of smooth muscle occurs under involuntary,autonomic nervous control and in response to local conditions in the tissues.
Smooth muscle tissue is also call non-striated as it lacks the banded appearance of skeletal and cardiac muscle.
The walls of blood vessels,the tubes of the digestive system,and the tubes of the reproductive systems are composed of mostly smooth muscle.
the tubes of the reproductive systems are composed of mostly smooth muscle.
Cardiac muscle cells have striations,but,unlike the multinucleate skeletal cells,they have only one nucleus.
Skeletal Muscle Skeletal muscle has striations across its cells cause by the arrangement of the contractile proteins actin and myosin.
These muscle cells are relatively long and have multiple nucleus along the edge of the cell.
Skeletal muscle is under voluntary,somatic nervous system control and is found in the muscles that move bones.
Cardiac muscle is not under voluntary control but can be influence by the autonomic nervous system to speed up or slow down.
An added feature to cardiac muscle cells is a line than extends along the end of the cell as it abuts the next cardiac cell in the row.
This line is call an intercalated disc:it assists in pass electrical impulse efficiently from one cell to the next and maintains the strong connection between neighboring cardiac cells.
The large structure with a central nucleus is the cell body of the neuron.
Projections from the cell body are either dendrites specialize in receiving input or a single axon specialize in transmitting impulses.
Some glial cells are also show.
Astrocytes regulate the chemical environment of the nerve cell,and oligodendrocytes insulate the axon so the electrical nerve impulse is transfer more efficiently.
Astrocytes regulate the chemical environment of the nerve cell.
oligodendrocytes insulate the axon so the electrical nerve impulse is transfer more efficiently.
Other glial cells that are not show support the nutritional and waste requirements of the neuron.
Some of the glial cells are phagocytic and remove debris or damaged cells from the tissue.
A nerve consists of neurons and glial cells.
The neuron has projections call dendrites that receive signals and projections call axons that send signals.
Pathologist A pathologist is a medical doctor or veterinarian who has specialize in the laboratory detection of disease in animals,including humans.
These professionals complete medical school education and follow it with an extensive post-graduate residency at a medical center.
A pathologist may oversee clinical laboratorys for the evaluation of body tissue and blood samples for the detection of disease or infection.
They examine tissue specimens through a microscope to identify cancers and other diseases.
Some pathologists perform autopsys to determine the cause of death and the progression of disease.
Animal organs and organ systems constantly adjust to internal and external changes through a process call homeostasis.
These changes might be in the level of glucose or calcium in blood or in external temperatures.
Homeostasis means to maintain dynamic equilibrium in the body.
It is dynamic because it is constantly adjusting to the changes that the body'sfehbuys encounter.
It is equilibrium because body functions are kept within specific ranges.
Even an animal that is apparently inactive is maintaining this homeostatic equilibrium.
The goal of homeostasis is the maintenance of equilibrium around a point or value call a set point.
While there are normal fluctuations from the set point,the body'sfehbuys will usually attempt to go back to this point.
For instance,if the body becomes too warm,adjustments are made to cool the animal.
The effector is a muscle or a gland that secretes.
Homeostatsis is maintained by negative feedback loops.
Positive feedback loops actually push the organism far out of homeostasis,but may be necessary for life to occur.
Homeostasis is control by the nervous and endocrine system of mammals.
Negative Feedback Mechanisms Any homeostatic process that changes the direction of the stimulus is a negative feedback loop.
An example is animal maintenance of blood glucose levels.
This is sense by the nervous system.
Specialized cells in the pancreas sense this,and the hormone insulin is release by the endocrine system.
the hormone insulin is release by the endocrine system.
Another example of an increase as a result of the feedback loop is the control of blood calcium.
The effects of PTH are to raise blood levels of the element.
Negative feedback loops are the predominant mechanism use in homeostasis.
Positive Feedback Loop A positive feedback loop maintains the direction of the stimulus,possibly accelerating it.
Few examples of positive feedback loops exist in animal bodys,but one is found in the cascade of chemical reactions that result in blood clotting,or coagulation.
Few examples of positive feedback loops exist in animal bodys,but one is found in the cascade of chemical reactions that result in blood clotting.
Thrombin also activates additional clotting factor molecules early in the cascade,result in the activation of even more thrombin.
This positive feedback loop amplifies the cascade for fast,more effective formation of a blood clot.
The hormone oxytocin,made by the endocrine system,stimulates the contraction of the uterus.
This stimulation is sense by the nervous system.
Instead of lower the oxytocin,more oxytocin is produce until the contractions are powerful enough to produce childbirth.
The birth of a human infant is the result of positive feedback.
a.A person feels satiated after eat a large meal.
The blood has plenty of red blood cells.
As a result,erythropoietin,a hormone that stimulates the production of new red blood cells,is no long release from the kidney.
Set Point It is possible to adjust a system'sqarfuw point.
When this happens,the feedback loop works to maintain the new setting.
An example of this is blood pressure:over time,the normal or set point for blood pressure can increase as a result of continued increases in blood pressure.
The body no long recognizes the elevation as abnormal and no attempt is made to return to the low set point.
The result is the maintenance of an elevated blood pressure that can have harmful effects on the body.
Medication can lower blood pressure and lower the set point in the system to a more healthy level.
Changes can be made in a group of body organ systems in order to maintain a set point in another system.
This occurs,for instance,when an animal migrates to a high altitude than that to which it is accustomed.
Homeostasis:Thermoregulation Body temperature affects body activitys.
Generally,as body temperature rises,enzyme activity rises as well.
For every ten degree centigrade rise in temperature,enzyme activity doubles,up to a point.
Body proteins,including enzymes,begin to denature and lose their function with high heat.
Enzyme activity will decrease by half for every ten degree centigrade drop in temperature,to the point of freezing,with a few exceptions.
Some fish can withstand freezing solid and return to normal with thawing.
Animals that rely on external temperatures to set their body temperature are ectotherms.
In contrast to ectotherms,poikilotherms are animals with constantly varying internal temperatures.
Endotherms are animals that rely on internal sources for maintenance of relatively constant body temperature in varying environmental temperatures.
These animals are able to maintain a level of metabolic activity in cool external temperatures,which an ectotherm kajdidnot due to differing enzyme levels of activity.
It is worth mention that some ectotherms and poikilotherms have relatively constant body temperatures due to the constant environmental temperatures in their habitats.
These animals are so-call ectothermic homeotherms,like some deep sea fish species.
Radiation is the emission of electromagnetic "heat"waves.
Heat comes from the sun in this manner and radiates from dry skin the same way.
Heat can be removed with liquid from a surface during evaporation.
Convection currents of air remove heat from the surface of dry skin as the air pass over it.
Heat will be conducted from one surface to another during direct contact with the surfaces,such as an animal rest on a warm rock.
In certain climates,endothermic animals have some form of insulation,such as fur,fat,feathers,or some combination thereof.
In certain climates,endothermic animals have some form of insulation,such as fur,fat,feathers.
Thick fur and feathers trap a layer of air that helps to provide thermal insulation.
The arctic fox,for example,uses its fluffy tail as extra insulation when it curls up to sleep in cold weather.
Mammals use layers of fat to achieve the same end.
Loss of significant amounts of body fat will compromise an individual'smidcarhemyux to conserve heat.
Endotherms use their circulatory systems to help maintain body temperature.
Vasodilation brings more blood and heat to the body surface,facilitate radiation and evaporative heat loss,which helps to cool the body.
Vasoconstriction reduces blood flow in peripheral blood vessels,force blood toward the core and the vital organs found there,and conserving heat.
Vasoconstriction reduces blood flow in peripheral blood vessels,force blood toward the core and the vital organs found there.
Some animals have adaptations to their circulatory system that enable they to transfer heat from arterys to veins,warm blood return to the heart.
This is call a countercurrent heat exchange;it prevents the cold venous blood from cool the heart and other internal organs.
it prevents the cold venous blood from cool the heart and other internal organs.
This adaptation can be shut down in some animals to prevent overheating the internal organs.
The countercurrent adaptation is found in many animals,including dolphins,sharks,bony fish,bees,and hummingbirds.
The countercurrent adaptation is found in many animals,including dolphins,sharks,bony fish,bees.
In contrast,similar adaptations can help cool endotherms when need,such as dolphin flukes and elephant ears.
Some ectothermic animals use changes in their behavior to help regulate body temperature.
For example,a desert ectothermic animal may simply seek cool areas during the hot part of the day in the desert to keep from getting too warm.
The same animals may climb onto rocks to capture heat during a cold desert night.
Some animals seek water to aid evaporation in cool they,as seen with reptiles.
Other ectotherms use group activity such as the activity of bees to warm a hive to survive winter.
Many animals,especially mammals,use metabolic waste heat as a heat source.
that specializes in generating heat.
The process of homeostasis and temperature control are center in the hypothalamus of the advanced animal brain.
The body is able to regulate temperature in response to signals from the nervous system.
When bacteria are destroyed by leukocytes,pyrogens are release into the blood.
Pyrogens reset the body'ssemkax to a high temperature,result in fever.
It responds to chemicals from the body.
When a bacterium is destroyed by phagocytic leukocytes,chemicals call endogenous pyrogens are release into the blood.
These pyrogens circulate to the hypothalamus and reset the thermostat.
This allows the body'syibmevyujqiz to increase in what is commonly call a fever.
An increase in body temperature causes iron to be conserved,which reduces a nutrient need by bacteria.
An increase in body heat also increases the activity of the animal'sjardowyehcols and protective cells while inhibiting the enzymes and activity of the invading microorganisms.
A fever that was once thought to be a complication of an infection is now understand to be a normal defense mechanism.
Animal bodys come in a variety of sizes and shapes.
Limits on animal size and shape include impacts to 33.2Animal Primary Tissues their movement.
Diffusion affects their size and The basic building blocks of complex animals are four development.
Bioenergetics describes how animals primary tissues.
which have a specific,specialized function within the 33.3Homeostasis body,such as the skin or kidney.
Organs are organized Homeostasis is a dynamic equilibrium that is together to perform common functions in the form of maintained in body tissues and organs.
It is dynamic systems.
The four primary tissues are epithelia,because it is constantly adjusting to the changes that connective tissues,muscle tissues,and nervous the systems encounter.
The four primary tissues are epithelia,because it is constantly adjusting to the changes that connective tissues,muscle tissues.
It is in equilibrium because tissues.
body functions are kept within a normal range,with some fluctuations around a set point for the process.
a.A person feels satiated after eat a large a.Simple columnar epithelial cells line the meal.
As b.Simple cuboidal epithelial cells are a result,erythropoietin,a hormone that involved in the filtering of blood in the stimulates the production of new red kidney.
blood cells,is no long release from the c.Pseudostratisfied columnar epithilia occur kidney.
in a single layer,but the arrangement of nuclei makes it appear that more than one 3.
leukocytes,pyrogens are release into the d.Transitional epithelia change in thickness blood.
Pyrogens reset the body'ssemkax to a depending on how full the bladder is.
How might pyrogens cause the body temperature to 2.
A plane that divides an animal into dorsal and d.mesoderm ventral portions is ________.
The symmetry found in animals that move b.midsagittal swiftly is ________.
d.interrupted a.dorsal cavity b.thoracic cavity 6.
d.normal sleep pattern a.Ectotherm diversity will decrease in cool regions.
A plane that divides an animal into equal right b.Ectotherms will be able to be active all day and left portions is ________.
c.osteoclast d.Ectotherms will be able to expand into d.osteon new habitats.
The cell found in bone that makes the bone is 11.
Although most animals are bilaterally call an ________.
b.osteocyte a.It confuses predators.
It allows the animal to gather food from all d.osteon sides.
It allows the animal to undergo rapid,19.
Plasma is the ________.
It lets an animal use its dorsal surface to b.matrix of blood sense its environment.
The type of muscle cell under voluntary control a.squamous is the ________.
The part of a neuron that contains the nucleus is b.cuboidal the c.columnar a.cell body d.transitional b.dendrite c.axon 14.
c.columnar a.The discs maintain the barriers between d.transitional the cells.
The discs pass nutrients between cells.
Which type of connective tissue has the most c.
muscle cells beat as a single unit.
The discs control the heart rate.
The cell found in bone that breaks it down is b.blood clotting after an injury call an ________.
Which method of heat exchange occurs during environment.
Acclimatization improves function in a new a.radiation environment.
Acclimatization is pass on to offspring of 26.
The body'ssemkax is located in the acclimated individuals.
Which of the following is not true about activitys.
a.Acclimatization allows animals to d.Huddle in a group.
When a person leads a sedentary life his skeletal muscles atrophy,but his smooth muscles do 31.
Why are negative feedback loops use to control 32.
On a molecular level,how can endotherms produce their own heat by adjusting process 35.