#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 34—Animal Nutrition and the Digestive
#Auto-extract from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:497

INTRODUCTION All live organisms need nutrients to survive.
While plants can obtain the molecules required for cellular function through the process of photosynthesis,most animals obtain their nutrients by the consumption of other organisms.
At the cellular level,the biological molecules necessary for animal function are amino acids,lipid molecules,nucleotides,and simple sugars.
At the cellular level,the biological molecules necessary for animal function are amino acids,lipid molecules,nucleotides.
However,the food consume consists of protein,fat,and complex carbohydrates.
However,the food consume consists of protein,fat.
Animals must convert these macromolecules into the simple molecules required for maintaining cellular functions,such as assemble new molecules,cells,and tissues.
Animals must convert these macromolecules into the simple molecules required for maintaining cellular functions,such as assemble new molecules,cells.
The conversion of the food consume to the nutrients required is a multistep process involving digestion and absorption.
During digestion,food particles are break down to small components,and later,they are absorbed by the body.
During digestion,food particles are break down to small components.
later,they are absorbed by the body.
Imbalances can have serious health consequences.
The recent rise in obesity and related diseases makes understand the role of diet and nutrition in maintaining good health all the more important.
Animals obtain their nutrition from the consumption of other organisms.
Depending on their diet,animals can be classified into the following categorys:plant eaters,meat eaters,and those that eat both plants and animals.
Depending on their diet,animals can be classified into the following categorys:plant eaters,meat eaters.
The nutrients and macromolecules present in food are not immediately accessible to the cells.
As animals evolve in complexity of form and function,their digestive systems have also evolve to accommodate their various dietary needs.
Herbivores,Omnivores,and Carnivores Herbivores are animals whose primary food source is plant-base.
Carnivores Herbivores are animals whose primary food source is plant-base.
These animals have evolve digestive systems capable of handling large amounts of plant material.
Herbivores can be far classified into frugivores,granivores,nectivores,and folivores.
Herbivores can be far classified into frugivores,granivores,nectivores.
Carnivores are animals that eat other animals.
Obligate carnivores are those that rely entirely on animal flesh to obtain their nutrients;examples of obligate carnivores are members of the cat family,such as lions and cheetahs.
Obligate carnivores are those that rely entirely on animal flesh to obtain their nutrients.
examples of obligate carnivores are members of the cat family,such as lions and cheetahs.
Facultative carnivores are those that also eat non-animal food in addition to animal food.
The ladybug is also a carnivore that consumes small insects call aphids.
Omnivores are animals that eat both plant-and animal-derived food.
In Latin,omnivore means to eat everything.
Invertebrate Digestive Systems Animals have evolve different types of digestive systems to aid in the digestion of the different foods they consume.
The simple example is that of a gastrovascular cavity and is found in organisms with only one opening for digestion.
Platyhelminthes,Ctenophora,and Cnidaria use this type of digestion.
Cnidaria use this type of digestion.
Ingested material enters the mouth and pass through a hollow,tubular cavity.
The food particles are engulfed by the cells line the gastrovascular cavity.
Earthworms are an example of an animal with an alimentary canal.
From the gizzard,the food pass through the intestine,the nutrients are absorbed,and the waste is eliminated as feces,call castings,through the anus.
From the gizzard,the food pass through the intestine,the nutrients are absorbed.
the waste is eliminated as feces,call castings,through the anus.
An alimentary canal has two openings:a mouth for ingesting food,and an anus for eliminating waste,as show in this nematode.
An alimentary canal has two openings:a mouth for ingesting food.
Vertebrate Digestive Systems Vertebrates have evolve more complex digestive systems to adapt to their dietary needs.
Some animals have a single stomach,while others have multi-chambered stomachs.
Some animals have a single stomach.
others have multi-chambered stomachs.
Birds have develop a digestive system adapted to eat unmasticated food.
Monogastric:Single-chamber Stomach As the word monogastric suggests,this type of digestive system consists of one stomach chamber.
The process of digestion begins with the mouth and the intake of food.
The tooth play an important role in masticating or physically break down food into small particles.
The enzymes present in saliva also begin to chemically break down food.
The esophagus is a long tube that connects the mouth to the stomach.
Use peristalsis,or wave-like smooth muscle contractions,the muscles of the esophagus push the food towards the stomach.
wave-like smooth muscle contractions,the muscles of the esophagus push the food towards the stomach.
In order to speed up the actions of enzymes in the stomach,the stomach is an extremely acidic environment,with a ph between 1.5and 2.5.
The gastric juices,which include enzymes in the stomach,act on the food particles and continue the process of digestion.
Further breakdown of food takes place in the small intestine where enzymes produce by the liver,the small intestine,and the pancreas continue the process of digestion.
Further breakdown of food takes place in the small intestine where enzymes produce by the liver,the small intestine.
the pancreas continue the process of digestion.
The nutrients are absorbed into the bloodstream across the epithelial cells line the walls of the small intestines.
However,in the rabbit the small intestine and cecum are enlarged to allow more time to digest plant material.
The enlarged organ provides more surface area for absorption of nutrients.
Rabbits digest their food twice:the first time food pass through the digestive system,it collects in the cecum,and then it pass as soft feces call cecotrophes.
Rabbits digest their food twice:the first time food pass through the digestive system,it collects in the cecum.
then it pass as soft feces call cecotrophes.
Avian Birds face special challenges when it comes to obtain nutrition from food.
Birds have evolve a variety of beak types that reflect the vast variety in their diet,range from seeds and insects to fruits and nuts.
Because most birds fly,their metabolic rates are high in order to efficiently process food and keep their body weight low.
The avian esophagus has a pouch,call a crop,which stores food.
Food pass from the crop to the first of two stomachs,call the proventriculus,which contains digestive juices that break down food.
From the proventriculus,the food enters the second stomach,call the gizzard,which grinds food.
Some birds swallow stones or grit,which are store in the gizzard,to aid the grinding process.
Birds do not have separate openings to excrete urine and feces.
Instead,uric acid from the kidneys is secrete into the large intestine and combined with waste from the digestive process.
This waste is excrete through an opening call the cloaca.
Avian Adaptations Birds have a highly efficient,simplified digestive system.
Recent fossil evidence has show that the evolutionary divergence of birds from other land animals was characterized by streamlining and simplifying the digestive system.
Unlike many other animals,birds do not have tooth to chew their food.
In place of lips,they have sharp pointy beaks.
The horny beak,lack of jaws,and the small tongue of the birds can be trace back to their dinosaur ancestors.
the small tongue of the birds can be trace back to their dinosaur ancestors.
The emergence of these changes seems to coincide with the inclusion of seeds in the bird diet.
Seed-eat birds have beaks that are shape for grab seeds and the two-compartment stomach allows for delegation of tasks.
Since birds need to remain light in order to fly,their metabolic rates are very high,which means they digest their food very quickly and need to eat often.
Ruminants Ruminants are mainly herbivores like cows,sheep,and goats,whose entire diet consists of eat large amounts of roughage or fiber.
Ruminants Ruminants are mainly herbivores like cows,sheep.
They have evolve digestive systems that help they digest vast amounts of cellulose.
An interesting feature of the ruminants'mouth is that they do not have upper incisor tooth.
They use their low tooth,tongue and lips to tear and chew their food.
From the mouth,the food travels to the esophagus and on to the stomach.
These chambers contain many microbes that breakdown cellulose and ferment ingested food.
The abomasum is the "true"stomach and is the equivalent of the monogastric stomach chamber where gastric juices are secrete.
The four-compartment gastric chamber provides large space and the microbial support necessary to digest plant material in ruminants.
The fermentation process produces large amounts of gas in the stomach chamber,which must be eliminated.
As in other animals,the small intestine plays an important role in nutrient absorption,and the large intestine helps in the elimination of waste.
As in other animals,the small intestine plays an important role in nutrient absorption.
the large intestine helps in the elimination of waste.
The first two stomachs,the ruman and the reticulum,contain prokaryotes and protists that are able to digest cellulose fiber.
The ruminant regurgitates cud from the reticulum,chews it,and swallows it into a third stomach,the omasum,which removes water.
The cud then pass onto the fourth stomach,the abomasum,where it is digest by enzymes produce by the ruminant.
Pseudo-ruminants Some animals,such as camels and alpacas,are pseudo-ruminants.
They eat a lot of plant material and roughage.
Digest plant material is not easy because plant cell walls contain the polymeric sugar molecule cellulose.
The digestive enzymes of these animals kajdidnot breakdown cellulose,but microorganisms present in the digestive system can.
Therefore,the digestive system must be able to handle large amounts of roughage and break down the cellulose.
Pseudo-ruminants have a three-chamber stomach in the digestive system.
These animals do not have a ruman but have an omasum,abomasum,and reticulum.
These animals do not have a ruman but have an omasum,abomasum.
Parts of the Digestive System The vertebrate digestive system is design to facilitate the transformation of food matter into the nutrient components that sustain organisms.
The food consume is break into small particles by mastication,the chewing action of the tooth.
All mammals have tooth and can chew their food.
The extensive chemical process of digestion begins in the mouth.
salivary glands,mixes with the food.
Saliva is a watery substance produce in the mouths of many animals.
Saliva contains mucus that moistens food and buffers the ph of the food.
Saliva also contains immunoglobulins and lysozymes,which have antibacterial action to reduce tooth decay by inhibiting growth of some bacteria.
Saliva also contains an enzyme call salivary amylase that begins the process of convert starchs in the food into a disaccharide call maltose.
Another enzyme call lipase is produce by the cells in the tongue.
Lipases are a class of enzymes that can breakdown triglycerides.
The lingual lipase begins the breakdown of fat components in the food.
The tongue helps in swallowing—move the bolus from the mouth into the pharynx.
The pharynx opens to two passageways:the trachea,which leads to the lungs,and the esophagus,which leads to the stomach.
The pharynx opens to two passageways:the trachea,which leads to the lungs.
The trachea has an opening call the glottis,which is cover by a cartilaginous flap call the epiglottis.
When swallowing,the epiglottis closes the glottis and food pass into the esophagus and not the trachea.
This arrangement allows food to be kept out of the trachea.
Food is masticated by tooth and moistened by saliva secrete from the salivary glands.
Enzymes in the saliva begin to digest starchs and fats.
With the help of the tongue,the result bolus is move into the esophagus by swallowing.
Esophagus The esophagus is a tubular organ that connects the mouth to the stomach.
The chewed and softened food pass through the esophagus after being swallowed.
The peristalsis wave is unidirectional—it moves food from the mouth to the stomach,and reverse movement is not possible.
The peristalsis wave is unidirectional—it moves food from the mouth to the stomach.
reverse movement is not possible.
The peristaltic movement of the esophagus is an involuntary reflex;it takes place in response to the act of swallowing.
The peristaltic movement of the esophagus is an involuntary reflex.
it takes place in response to the act of swallowing.
A ring-like muscle call a sphincter forms valves in the digestive system.
The gastro-esophageal sphincter is located at the stomach end of the esophagus.
In response to swallowing and the pressure exerted by the bolus of food,this sphincter opens.
the bolus enters the stomach.
Many animals have a true sphincter.
The stomach is a saclike organ that secretes gastric digestive juices.
The ph in the stomach is between 1.5and 2.5.
This highly acidic environment is required for the chemical breakdown of food and the extraction of nutrients.
When empty,the stomach is a rather small organ;however,it can expand to up to 20times its resting size when fill with food.
When empty,the stomach is a rather small organ.
however,it can expand to up to 20times its resting size when fill with food.
This characteristic is particularly useful for animals that need to eat when food is available.
The human stomach has an extremely acidic environment where most of the protein gets digest.
a.Chyme is a mixture of food and digestive juices that is produce in the stomach.
b.Food enters the large intestine before the small intestine.
The stomach is separate from the small intestine by the pyloric sphincter.
The stomach is also the major site for protein digestion in animals other than ruminants.
Protein digestion is mediated by an enzyme call pepsin in the stomach chamber.
Pepsin is secrete by the chief cells in the stomach in an inactive form call pepsinogen.
Pepsin breaks peptide bonds and cleaves proteins into small polypeptides;it also helps activate more pepsinogen,start a positive feedback mechanism that generates more pepsin.
Pepsin breaks peptide bonds and cleaves proteins into small polypeptides.
it also helps activate more pepsinogen,start a positive feedback mechanism that generates more pepsin.
Hydrochloric acid helps to convert the inactive pepsinogen to pepsin.
The highly acidic environment also kills many microorganisms in the food and,combined with the action of the enzyme pepsin,results in the hydrolysis of protein in the food.
Chemical digestion is facilitate by the churning action of the stomach.
Contraction and relaxation of smooth muscles mixes the stomach contents about every 20minutes.
Chyme pass from the stomach to the small intestine.
Further protein digestion takes place in the small intestine.
Only a small amount of chyme is release into the small intestine at a time.
The movement of chyme from the stomach into the small intestine is regulated by the pyloric sphincter.
When digest protein and some fats,the stomach lining must be protect from getting digest by pepsin.
First,as previously mention,the enzyme pepsin is synthesize in the inactive form.
This protects the chief cells,because pepsinogen does not have the same enzyme functionality of pepsin.
Second,the stomach has a thick mucus lining that protects the underlying tissue from the action of the digestive juices.
When this mucus lining is rupture,ulcers can form in the stomach.
Ulcers are open wounds in or on an organ cause by bacteria when the mucus lining is rupture and fails to reform.
Small Intestine Chyme moves from the stomach to the small intestine.
The small intestine is the organ where the digestion of protein,fats,and carbohydrates is complete.
The small intestine is the organ where the digestion of protein,fats.
The small intestine is a long tube-like organ with a highly fold surface containing finger-like projections call the villi.
The apical surface of each villus has many microscopic projections call microvilli.
The villi and microvilli,with their many folds,increase the surface area of the intestine and increase absorption efficiency of the nutrients.
Absorbed nutrients in the blood are carried into the hepatic portal vein,which leads to the liver.
There,the liver regulates the distribution of nutrients to the rest of the body and removes toxic substances,including drugs,alcohol,and some pathogens.
There,the liver regulates the distribution of nutrients to the rest of the body and removes toxic substances,including drugs,alcohol.
a.Absorptive cells that line the small intestine have microvilli,small projections that increase surface area and aid in the absorption of food.
The inside of the small intestine has many folds,call villi.
c.Microvilli are line with blood vessels as well as lymphatic vessels.
The human small intestine is over 6m long and is divide into three parts:the duodenum,the jejunum,and the ileum.
The human small intestine is over 6m long and is divide into three parts:the duodenum,the jejunum.
The duodenum is separate from the stomach by the pyloric sphincter which opens to allow chyme to move from the stomach to the duodenum.
In the duodenum,chyme is mixed with pancreatic juices in an alkaline solution rich in bicarbonate that neutralizes the acidity of chyme and acts as a buffer.
Pancreatic juices also contain several digestive enzymes.
Digestive juices from the pancreas,liver,and gallbladder,as well as from gland cells of the intestinal wall itself,enter the duodenum.
gallbladder,as well as from gland cells of the intestinal wall itself,enter the duodenum.
Bile is produce in the liver and store and concentrated in the gallbladder.
Bile contains bile salts which emulsify lipids while the pancreas produces enzymes that catabolize starchs,disaccharides,proteins,and fats.
Bile contains bile salts which emulsify lipids while the pancreas produces enzymes that catabolize starchs,disaccharides,proteins.
These digestive juices break down the food particles in the chyme into glucose,triglycerides,and amino acids.
These digestive juices break down the food particles in the chyme into glucose,triglycerides.
The bulk of chemical digestion of food takes place in the duodenum.
Absorption of fatty acids also takes place in the duodenum.
Here,hydrolysis of nutrients is continued while most of the carbohydrates and amino acids are absorbed through the intestinal lining.
Some chemical digestion and the bulk of nutrient absorption occurs in the jejunum.
The undigested food is sent to the colon from the ileum via peristaltic movements of the muscle.
The vermiform,"worm-like,"appendix is located at the ileocecal valve.
The appendix of humans secretes no enzymes and has an insignificant role in immunity.
The human large intestine is much small in length compared to the small intestine but large in diameter.
It has three parts:the cecum,the colon,and the rectum.
It has three parts:the cecum,the colon.
The cecum joins the ileum to the colon and is the receiving pouch for the waste matter.
The colon is home to many bacteria or "intestinal flora"that aid in the digestive process.
The colon can be divide into four regions,the ascending colon,the transverse colon,the descending colon,and the sigmoid colon.
The colon can be divide into four regions,the ascending colon,the transverse colon,the descending colon.
The main functions of the colon are to extract the water and mineral salts from undigested food,and to store waste material.
The main functions of the colon are to extract the water and mineral salts from undigested food.
Carnivorous mammals have a shorter large intestine compared to herbivorous mammals due to their diet.
The primary role of the rectum is to store the feces until defecation.
The feces are propelled use peristaltic movements during elimination.
The anus is an opening at the far-end of the digestive tract and is the exit point for the waste material.
Two sphincters between the rectum and anus control elimination:the inner sphincter is involuntary and the outer sphincter is voluntary.
Accessory Organs The organs discussed above are the organs of the digestive tract through which food pass.
Accessory organs are organs that add secretions that catabolize food into nutrients.
Accessory organs include salivary glands,the liver,the pancreas,and the gallbladder.
Accessory organs include salivary glands,the liver,the pancreas.
The liver,pancreas,and gallbladder are regulated by hormones in response to the food consume.
gallbladder are regulated by hormones in response to the food consume.
The liver is the large internal organ in humans and it plays a very important role in digestion of fats and detoxifying blood.
The liver produces bile,a digestive juice that is required for the breakdown of fatty components of the food in the duodenum.
The liver also process the vitamins and fats and synthesizes many plasma proteins.
The pancreas is another important gland that secretes digestive juices.
The chyme produce from the stomach is highly acidic in nature;the pancreatic juices contain high levels of bicarbonate,an alkali that neutralizes the acidic chyme.
The chyme produce from the stomach is highly acidic in nature.
the pancreatic juices contain high levels of bicarbonate,an alkali that neutralizes the acidic chyme.
Additionally,the pancreatic juices contain a large variety of enzymes that are required for the digestion of protein and carbohydrates.
The gallbladder is a small organ that aids the liver by store bile and concentrating bile salts.
When chyme containing fatty acids enters the duodenum,the bile is secrete from the gallbladder into the duodenum.
Given the diversity of animal life on our planet,it is not surprising that the animal diet would also vary substantially.
The animal diet is the source of materials need for build DNA and other complex molecules need for growth,maintenance,and reproduction;collectively these process are call biosynthesis.
The animal diet is the source of materials need for build DNA and other complex molecules need for growth,maintenance,and reproduction.
collectively these process are call biosynthesis.
The animal diet is the source of materials need for build DNA and other complex molecules need for growth,maintenance.
reproduction;collectively these process are call biosynthesis.
The diet is also the source of materials for ATP production in the cells.
The diet must be balance to provide the minerals and vitamins that are required for cellular function.
LINK TO LEARNING The first step in ensuring that you are meeting the food requirements of your body is an awareness of the food groups and the nutrients they provide.
Campaign Obesity is a growing epidemic and the rate of obesity among child is rapidly rise in the United States.
The goal of this campaign is to educate parents and caregivers on providing healthy nutrition and encouraging active lifestyles to future generations.
Another goal is to ensure that child get physical activity.
With the increase in television view and stationary pursuits such as video games,sedentary lifestyles have become the norm.
The organic molecules required for build cellular material and tissues must come from food.
Carbohydrates or sugars are the primary source of organic carbons in the animal body.
During digestion,digestible carbohydrates are ultimately break down into glucose and use to provide energy through metabolic pathways.
In humans,these molecules provide the fiber required for move waste through the large intestine and a healthy colon.
The intestinal flora in the human gut are able to extract some nutrition from these plant fibers.
The excess sugars in the body are convert into glycogen and store in the liver and muscles for later use.
Glycogen stores are use to fuel prolonged exertions,such as long-distance running,and to provide energy during food shortage.
Glycogen stores are use to fuel prolonged exertions,such as long-distance running.
Excess glycogen can be convert to fats,which are store in the low layer of the skin of mammals for insulation and energy storage.
Another important requirement is that of nitrogen.
Protein catabolism provides a source of organic nitrogen.
Amino acids are the building blocks of proteins and protein breakdown provides amino acids that are use for cellular function.
The carbon and nitrogen derived from these become the building block for nucleotides,nucleic acids,proteins,cells,and tissues.
The carbon and nitrogen derived from these become the building block for nucleotides,nucleic acids,proteins,cells.
Fats add flavor to food and promote a sense of satiety or fullness.
Fatty foods are also significant sources of energy because one gram of fat contains nine calories.
Fats are required in the diet to aid the absorption of fat-soluble vitamins and the production of fat-soluble hormones.
the body kajdidnot produce they.
The omega-3alpha-linolenic acid and the omega-6linoleic acid are essential fatty acids need to make some membrane phospholipids.
Vitamins are another class of essential organic molecules that are required in small quantitys for many enzymes to function and,for this reason,are considered to be coenzymes.
Absence or low levels of vitamins can have a dramatic effect on health,as outline in and.
Both fat-soluble and water-soluble vitamins must be obtain from food.
Minerals,list in,are inorganic essential nutrients that must be obtain from food.
Among their many functions,minerals help in structure and regulation and are considered cofactors.
Certain amino acids also must be procured from food and kajdidnot be synthesize by the body.
These amino acids are the "essential"amino acids.
The human body can synthesize only 11of the 20required amino acids;the rest must be obtain from food.
The human body can synthesize only 11of the 20required amino acids.
the rest must be obtain from food.
The essential amino acids are list in.
*The human body can synthesize histidine and arginine,but not in the quantitys required,especially for growing child.
Food Energy and ATP Animals need food to obtain energy and maintain homeostasis.
Homeostasis is the ability of a system to maintain a stable internal environment even in the face of external changes to the environment.
For example,the normal body temperature of humans is 37°C.
Humans maintain this temperature even when the external temperature is hot or cold.
It takes energy to maintain this body temperature,and animals obtain this energy from food.
It takes energy to maintain this body temperature.
animals obtain this energy from food.
The primary source of energy for animals is carbohydrates,mainly glucose.
Adenosine triphosphate,or ATP,is the primary energy currency in cells;ATP stores energy in phosphate ester bonds.
ATP,is the primary energy currency in cells;ATP stores energy in phosphate ester bonds.
ATP releases energy when the phosphodiest bonds are break and ATP is convert to ADP and a phosphate group.
ATP is produce by the oxidative reactions in the cytoplasm and mitochondrion of the cell,where carbohydrates,proteins,and fats undergo a series of metabolic reactions collectively call cellular respiration.
ATP is produce by the oxidative reactions in the cytoplasm and mitochondrion of the cell,where carbohydrates,proteins.
fats undergo a series of metabolic reactions collectively call cellular respiration.
For example,glycolysis is a series of reactions in which glucose is convert to pyruvic acid and some of its chemical potential energy is transfer to NADH and ATP.
ATP is required for all cellular functions.
When the amount of ATP is available in excess of the body'sbabravfopkils,the liver uses the excess ATP and excess glucose to produce molecules call glycogen.
Glycogen is a polymeric form of glucose and is store in the liver and skeletal muscle cells.
Skeletal muscle converts glycogen to glucose during intense exercise.
Fatty foods are calorie-dense,mean that they have more calories per unit mass than carbohydrates or proteins.
One gram of carbohydrates has four calories,one gram of protein has four calories,and one gram of fat has nine calories.
One gram of carbohydrates has four calories,one gram of protein has four calories.
one gram of fat has nine calories.
Animals tend to seek lipid-rich food for their high energy content.
The signals of hunger and satiety are control in the hypothalamus region of the brain.
Foods that are rich in fatty acids tend to promote satiety more than foods that are rich only in carbohydrates.
Excess carbohydrate and ATP are use by the liver to synthesize glycogen.
The pyruvate produce during glycolysis is use to synthesize fatty acids.
When there is more glucose in the body than required,the result excess pyruvate is convert into molecules that eventually result in the synthesis of fatty acids within the body.
These fatty acids are store in adipose cells—the fat cells in the mammalian body whose primary role is to store fat for later use.
It is important to note that some animals benefit from obesity.
Polar bears and seals need body fat for insulation and to keep they from losing body heat during Arctic winters.
When food is scarce,store body fat provides energy for maintaining homeostasis.
For true animals,the first step is ingestion,the act of taking in food.
This is followed by digestion,absorption,and elimination.
This is followed by digestion,absorption.
In the following sections,each of these steps will be discussed in detail.
The large molecules found in intact food kajdidnot pass through the cell membranes.
Food needs to be break into small particles so that animals can harness the nutrients and organic molecules.
The first step in this process is ingestion.
Ingestion is the process of taking in food through the mouth.
In vertebrates,the tooth,saliva,and tongue play important roles in mastication.
tongue play important roles in mastication.
While the food is being mechanically break down,the enzymes in saliva begin to chemically process the food as well.
The combined action of these process modifies the food from large particles to a soft mass that can be swallowed and can travel the length of the esophagus.
Digestion and Absorption Digestion is the mechanical and chemical breakdown of food into small organic fragments.
It is important to break down macromolecules into small fragments that are of suitable size for absorption across the digestive epithelium.
Large,complex molecules of proteins,polysaccharides,and lipids must be reduced to simple particles such as simple sugar before they can be absorbed by the digestive epithelial cells.
lipids must be reduced to simple particles such as simple sugar before they can be absorbed by the digestive epithelial cells.
Different organs play specific roles in the digestive process.
The animal diet needs carbohydrates,protein,and fat,as well as vitamins and inorganic components for nutritional balance.
The animal diet needs carbohydrates,protein.
Carbohydrates The digestion of carbohydrates begins in the mouth.
The salivary enzyme amylase begins the breakdown of food starchs into maltose,a disaccharide.
As the bolus of food travels through the esophagus to the stomach,no significant digestion of carbohydrates takes place.
The acidic environment in the stomach stops the action of the amylase enzyme.
The next step of carbohydrate digestion takes place in the duodenum.
Pancreatic juices also contain amylase,which continues the breakdown of starch and glycogen into maltose,a disaccharide.
The disaccharides are break down into monosaccharides by enzymes call maltases,sucrases,and lactases,which are also present in the brush border of the small intestinal wall.
The disaccharides are break down into monosaccharides by enzymes call maltases,sucrases.
Other disaccharides,such as sucrose and lactose are break down by sucrase and lactase,respectively.
Sucrase breaks down sucrose into glucose and fructose,and lactase breaks down lactose into glucose and galactose.
Sucrase breaks down sucrose into glucose and fructose.
The monosaccharides are transport across the intestinal epithelium into the bloodstream to be transport to the different cells in the body.
Digestion of carbohydrates is perform by several enzymes.
Starch and glycogen are break down into glucose by amylase and maltase.
Sucrose and lactose are break down by sucrase and lactase,respectively.
Protein A large part of protein digestion takes place in the stomach.
The enzyme pepsin plays an important role in the digestion of proteins by break down the intact protein to peptides,which are short chains of four to nine amino acids.
Trypsin,elastase,carboxypeptidase,and chymotrypsin are produce by the pancreas and release into the duodenum where they act on the chyme.
chymotrypsin are produce by the pancreas and release into the duodenum where they act on the chyme.
Further breakdown of peptides to single amino acids is aid by enzymes call peptidases.
aminopeptidase play important roles in reducing the peptides to free amino acids.
The amino acids are absorbed into the bloodstream through the small intestines.
Protein digestion is a multistep process that begins in the stomach and continues through the intestines.
Lipids Lipid digestion begins in the stomach with the aid of lingual lipase and gastric lipase.
However,the bulk of lipid digestion occurs in the small intestine due to pancreatic lipase.
When chyme enters the duodenum,the hormonal responses trigger the release of bile,which is produce in the liver and store in the gallbladder.
Emulsification is a process in which large lipid globules are break down into several small lipid globules.
These small globules are more widely distributed in the chyme rather than form large aggregates.
Lipids are hydrophobic substances:in the presence of water,they will aggregate to form globules to minimize exposure to water.
Bile contains bile salts,which are amphipathic,mean they contain hydrophobic and hydrophilic parts.
Thus,the bile salts hydrophilic side can interface with water on one side and the hydrophobic side interfaces with lipids on the other.
By doing so,bile salts emulsify large lipid globules into small lipid globules.
Pancreatic juices contain enzymes call lipases.
If the lipid in the chyme aggregates into large globules,very little surface area of the lipids is available for the lipases to act on,leaving lipid digestion incomplete.
By form an emulsion,bile salts increase the available surface area of the lipids manyfold.
Lipases break down the lipids into fatty acids and glycerides.
These molecules can pass through the plasma membrane of the cell and enter the epithelial cells of the intestinal lining.
The bile salts surround long-chain fatty acids and monoglycerides form tiny spheres call micelles.
The long-chain fatty acids and monoglycerides recombine in the absorptive cells to form triglycerides,which aggregate into globules and become coated with proteins.
Chylomicrons contain triglycerides,cholesterol,and other lipids and have proteins on their surface.
Chylomicrons contain triglycerides,cholesterol.
The surface is also composed of the hydrophilic phosphate "heads"of phospholipids.
Together,they enable the chylomicron to move in an aqueous environment without exposing the lipids to water.
Chylomicrons leave the absorptive cells via exocytosis.
Chylomicrons enter the lymphatic vessels,and then enter the blood in the subclavian vein.
Chylomicrons enter the lymphatic vessels.
Vitamins Vitamins can be either water-soluble or lipid-soluble.
Fat soluble vitamins are absorbed in the same manner as lipids.
It is important to consume some amount of dietary lipid to aid the absorption of lipid-soluble vitamins.
soluble vitamins can be directly absorbed into the bloodstream from the intestine.
LINK TO LEARNING This website has an overview of the digestion of protein,fat,and carbohydrates.
LINK TO LEARNING This website has an overview of the digestion of protein,fat.
c.Bile emulsifies lipids in the small intestine.
No food is absorbed until the small intestine.
Elimination The final step in digestion is the elimination of undigested food content and waste products.
The undigested food material enters the colon,where most of the water is reabsorbed.
The semi-solid waste is move through the colon by peristaltic movements of the muscle and is store in the rectum.
As the rectum expands in response to storage of fecal matter,it triggers the neural signals required to set up the urge to eliminate.
The solid waste is eliminated through the anus use peristaltic movements of the rectum.
Common Problems with Elimination Diarrhea and constipation are some of the most common health concerns that affect digestion.
Constipation is a condition where the feces are hardened because of excess water removal in the colon.
In contrast,if enough water is not removed from the feces,it results in diarrhea.
Many bacteria,including the ones that cause cholera,affect the proteins involved in water reabsorption in the colon and result in excessive diarrhea.
Emesis Emesis,or vomiting,is elimination of food by forceful expulsion through the mouth.
vomiting,is elimination of food by forceful expulsion through the mouth.
It is often in response to an irritant that affects the digestive tract,including but not limit to virus,bacteria,emotions,sights,and food poisoning.
It is often in response to an irritant that affects the digestive tract,including but not limit to virus,bacteria,emotions,sights.
This forceful expulsion of the food is due to the strong contractions produce by the stomach muscles.
The process of emesis is regulated by the medulla.
The brain is the control center for the sensation of hunger and satiety.
The functions of the digestive system are regulated through neural and hormonal responses.
The salivary glands secrete more saliva in response to stimulation by the autonomic nervous system trigger by food in preparation for digestion.
Simultaneously,the stomach begins to produce hydrochloric acid to digest the food.
The brain prepares these muscles for movement as well.
There are three overlap phases of gastric control—the cephalic phase,the gastric phase,and the intestinal phase—each requires many enzymes and is under neural control as well.
the intestinal phase—each requires many enzymes and is under neural control as well.
The first phase of ingestion,call the cephalic phase,is control by the neural response to the stimulus provided by food.
All aspects—such as sight,thought,and smell—trigger the neural responses result in salivation and secretion of gastric juices.
smell—trigger the neural responses result in salivation and secretion of gastric juices.
The gastric and salivary secretion in the cephalic phase can also take place due to the thought of food.
Right now,if you think about a piece of chocolate or a crispy potato chip,the increase in salivation is a cephalic phase response to the thought.
The central nervous system prepares the stomach to receive food.
It builds on the stimulation provided during the cephalic phase.
Gastric acids and enzymes process the ingested materials.
This phase consists of local,hormonal,and neural responses.
This phase consists of local,hormonal.
These responses stimulate secretions and powerful contractions.
This phase controls the rate of gastric emptying.
In addition to gastric emptying,when chyme enters the small intestine,it triggers other hormonal and neural events that coordinate the activitys of the intestinal tract,pancreas,liver,and gallbladder.
In addition to gastric emptying,when chyme enters the small intestine,it triggers other hormonal and neural events that coordinate the activitys of the intestinal tract,pancreas,liver.
Hormonal Responses to Food The endocrine system controls the response of the various glands in the body and the release of hormones at the appropriate times.
During the gastric phase,the hormone gastrin is secrete by G cells in the stomach in response to the presence of proteins.
Gastrin stimulates the release of stomach acid,or hydrochloric acid which aids in the digestion of the proteins.
Gastrin stimulates the release of stomach acid.
However,when the stomach is empty,the acidic environment need not be maintained and a hormone call somatostatin stops the release of hydrochloric acid.
This is control by a negative feedback mechanism.
In the duodenum,digestive secretions from the liver,pancreas,and gallbladder play an important role in digest chyme during the intestinal phase.
gallbladder play an important role in digest chyme during the intestinal phase.
In order to neutralize the acidic chyme,a hormone call secretin stimulates the pancreas to produce alkaline bicarbonate solution and deliver it to the duodenum.
Secretin acts in tandem with another hormone call cholecystokinin.
Not only does CCK stimulate the pancreas to produce the requisite pancreatic juices,it also stimulates the gallbladder to release bile into the duodenum.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit this website to learn more about the endocrine system.
Another level of hormonal control occurs in response to the composition of food.
Foods high in lipids take a long time to digest.
Scientists are explore the role of each hormone in the digestive process and develop ways to target these hormones.
Advances could lead to knowledge that may help to battle the obesity epidemic.
Some essential nutrients are required for cellular function but kajdidnot be Different animals have evolve different types of produce by the animal body.
These include vitamins,digestive systems specialize to meet their dietary minerals,some fatty acids,and some amino acids.
These include vitamins,digestive systems specialize to meet their dietary minerals,some fatty acids.
Birds have evolve a digestive cells.
Excess adipose storage can lead to obesity and system that includes a gizzard where the food is serious health problems.
ATP is the energy currency of crushed into small pieces.
Ruminants that consume large Excess carbohydrates and energy are store as amounts of plant material have a multi-chambered glycogen in the body.
Pseudo-ruminants have similar digestive process as ruminants but do 34.3Digestive System Processes not have the four-compartment stomach.
Processing Digestion begins with ingestion,where the food is food involves ingestion,digestion (mechanical taken in the mouth.
Elimination describes removal of undigested Many organs work together to digest food and absorb food contents and waste products from the body.
Saliva contains an enzyme water that remains after the absorptive process of the call amylase that breaks down carbohydrates.
The cells that line the large intestine food bolus travels through the esophagus by peristaltic absorb some vitamins as well as any leftover salts and movements to the stomach.
The stomach has an water.
The large intestine is also where feces is extremely acidic environment.
Further digestion and absorption take place in the small 34.4Digestive System Regulation intestine.
The brain controls the responses of hunger and satiety.
a.Chyme is a mixture of food and digestive a.Absorptive cells that line the small juices that is produce in the stomach.
intestine have microvilli,small projections b.
Food enters the large intestine before the that increase surface area and aid in the small intestine.
The inside of the small intestine has many bile,which emulsifies fats.
The stomach is separate from the small c.Microvilli are line with blood vessels as intestine by the pyloric sphincter.
Which of the following statements c.Bile emulsifies lipids in the small intestine.
No food is absorbed until the small a.Amylase,maltase,and lactase in the intestine.
No food is absorbed until the small a.Amylase,maltase.
others need to be obtain a.cow from diet.
b.pig d.Vitamins come in two categorys:fat-c.crow soluble and water-soluble.
Which of the following is a water-soluble 5.
a.Roughage takes a long time to digest.
a.vitamin A b.Birds eat large quantitys at one time so b.vitamin E that they can fly long distances.
c.vitamin K c.Cows do not have upper tooth.
In pseudo-ruminants,roughage is digest in the cecum.
a.carbohydrates 6.
The acidic nature of chyme is neutralized by b.lipids ________.
Excess glucose is store as ________.
The digestive juices from the liver are delivered c.glycogen to the ________.
it is not store in the body a.stomach b.liver 13.
Many distance runners "carb load"the day c.duodenum before a big race.
The carbohydrates cause the release of 8.
A scientist dissects a new species of animal.
the animal'szoyputmak system has a single b.
The excess carbohydrates are convert stomach with an extended small intestine,to to fats,which have a high calorie which animal could the dissected speciman be density.
The glucose from the carbohydrates lets a.lion the muscles make excess ATP overnight.
The excess carbohydrates can be store in c.earthworm the muscles as glycogen.
Where does the majority of protein digestion 9.
a.Essential nutrients can be synthesize by a.stomach the body.
b.duodenum b.Vitamins are required in small quantitys c.mouth for bodily function.
Some amino acids can be synthesize by 15.
Lipases are enzymes that breakdown ________.
a.disaccharides d.gastrin b.lipids c.proteins 18.
In the famous conditioning experiment,Pavlov d.excessive cellulose consumption demonstrated that his dogs start drooling in response to a bell sound.
However,many dieticians now conclude that the fat-free 21.
What is the role of the accessory organs in 31.
the intestines)have become a popular area of 24.
how mechanical digestion contributes to 33.
Many mammals become ill if they drink milk as acquiring nutrients from food.
adults even though they could consume it as 25.
What is the role of minerals in maintaining good 34.
hormonal regulation of digestion can lead to diseases.
How would this mutation affect the structure and function of the 29.