#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 39—The Respiratory System
#Auto-extract from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:435

The left lung is small than the right lung to accommodate space for the heart.
A dog'sdufkil has a slit on the side of each nostril.
This allows the dog to exhale though the now-open area on the side of the nostrils without losing the scent that is being followed.
INTRODUCTION Breathing is an involuntary event.
How often a breath is taken and how much air is inhaled or exhaled are tightly regulated by the respiratory center in the brain.
Humans,when they aren'texerting themselves,breathe approximately 15times per minute on average.
With every inhalation,air fills the lungs,and with every exhalation,air rushes back out.
With every inhalation,air fills the lungs.
with every exhalation,air rushes back out.
That air is doing more than just inflating and deflating the lungs in the chest cavity.
The air contains oxygen that cross the lung tissue,enters the bloodstream,and travels to organs and tissues.
The air contains oxygen that cross the lung tissue,enters the bloodstream.
Oxygen enters the cells where it is use for metabolic reactions that produce ATP,a high-energy compound.
At the same time,these reactions release carbon dioxide as a by-product.
CO2is toxic and must be eliminated.
Carbon dioxide exits the cells,enters the bloodstream,travels back to the lungs,and is expired out of the body during exhalation.
Carbon dioxide exits the cells,enters the bloodstream,travels back to the lungs.
The primary function of the respiratory system is to deliver oxygen to the cells of the body'szotvuxlapkuds and remove carbon dioxide,a cell waste product.
The main structures of the human respiratory system are the nasal cavity,the trachea,and lungs.
The main structures of the human respiratory system are the nasal cavity,the trachea.
All aerobic organisms require oxygen to carry out their metabolic functions.
Along the evolutionary tree,different organisms have devised different means of obtain oxygen from the surrounding atmosphere.
The environment in which the animal lives greatly determines how an animal respires.
The complexity of the respiratory system is correlated with the size of the organism.
Diffusion is a slow,passive transport process.
In other words,if the body were very large or thick,diffusion would not be able to provide oxygen quickly enough to the cells of the body.
Therefore,dependence on diffusion as a means of obtain oxygen and removing carbon dioxide remains feasible only for small organisms or those with highly-flattened bodys,such as many flatworms.
Large organisms had to evolve specialized respiratory tissues,such as gills,lungs,and respiratory passages accompanied by complex circulatory systems,to transport oxygen throughout their entire body.
Large organisms had to evolve specialized respiratory tissues,such as gills,lungs.
The cell of the unicellular alga Ventricaria ventricosa is one of the large know,reach one to five centimeters in diameter.
Like all single-celled organisms,V.ventricosa exchanges gas across the cell membrane.
Direct Diffusion For small multicellular organisms,diffusion across the outer membrane is sufficient to meet their oxygen needs.
Gas exchange by direct diffusion across surface membranes is efficient for organisms less than 1mm in diameter.
In simple organisms,such as cnidarians and flatworms,every cell in the body is close to the external environment.
If the flatworm had a cylindrical body,then the cells in the center would not be able to get oxygen.
Skin and Gills Earthworms and amphibians use their skin as a respiratory organ.
A dense network of capillarys lies just below the skin and facilitates gas exchange between the external environment and the circulatory system.
The respiratory surface must be kept moist in order for the gas to dissolve and diffuse across cell membranes.
Organisms that live in water need to obtain oxygen from the water.
The atmosphere has roughly 21percent oxygen.
In water,the oxygen concentration is much low than that.
Gills are thin tissue filaments that are highly branch and fold.
When water pass over the gills,the dissolve oxygen in water rapidly diffuses across the gills into the bloodstream.
The circulatory system can then carry the oxygenated blood to the other parts of the body.
In animals that contain coelomic fluid instead of blood,oxygen diffuses across the gill surfaces into the coelomic fluid.
Gills are found in mollusks,annelids,and crustaceans.
Gills are found in mollusks,annelids.
The fold surfaces of the gills provide a large surface area to ensure that the fish gets sufficient oxygen.
Diffusion is a process in which material travels from regions of high concentration to low concentration until equilibrium is reach.
In this case,blood with a low concentration of oxygen molecules circulates through the gills.
The concentration of oxygen molecules in water is high than the concentration of oxygen molecules in gills.
Tracheal Systems Insect respiration is independent of its circulatory system;therefore,the blood does not play a direct role in oxygen transport.
Tracheal Systems Insect respiration is independent of its circulatory system.
therefore,the blood does not play a direct role in oxygen transport.
Insects have a highly specialized type of respiratory system call the tracheal system,which consists of a network of small tubes that carries oxygen to the entire body.
The tracheal system is the most direct and efficient respiratory system in active animals.
The tubes in the tracheal system are made of a polymeric material call chitin.
Insect bodys have openings,call spiracles,along the thorax and abdomen.
Some insects can ventilate the tracheal system with body movements.
Mammalian Systems In mammals,pulmonary ventilation occurs via inhalation.
As air pass through the nasal cavity,the air is warm to body temperature and humidified.
The respiratory tract is coat with mucus to seal the tissues from direct contact with air.
Mucus is high in water.
As air cross these surfaces of the mucous membranes,it picks up water.
These process help equilibrate the air to the body conditions,reducing any damage that cold,dry air can cause.
Particulate matter that is float in the air is removed in the nasal passages via mucus and cilia.
The process of warming,humidifying,and removing particles are important protective mechanisms that prevent damage to the trachea and lungs.
Thus,inhalation serves several purposes in addition to bringing oxygen into the respiratory system.
c.Alveolar ducts connect to alveolar sacs.
d.Gas exchange between the lung and blood takes place in the alveolus.
The main function of the trachea is to funnel the inhaled air to the lungs and the exhaled air back out of the body.
The cilia propel foreign particles trap in the mucus toward the pharynx.
The cartilage provides strength and support to the trachea to keep the passage open.
The forced exhalation helps expel mucus when we cough.
Smooth muscle can contract or relax,depending on stimulus from the external environment or the body'svifsosmag system.
The lungs are not identical.
The muscular diaphragm,which facilitates breathing,is inferior to the lungs and marks the end of the thoracic cavity.
The right lung is made of three lobes and is large.
To accommodate the heart,the left lung is small and has only two lobes.
In the lungs,air is diverted into small and small passages,or bronchi.
In the lungs,air is diverted into small and small passages.
Air enters the lungs through the two primary bronchi.
Each bronchus divides into secondary bronchi,then into tertiary bronchi,which in turn divide,creating small and small diameter bronchioles as they split and spread through the lung.
Like the trachea,the bronchi are made of cartilage and smooth muscle.
At the bronchioles,the cartilage is replaced with elastic fibers.
They lack cartilage and therefore rely on inhaled air to support their shape.
The terminal bronchioles subdivide into microscopic branchs call respiratory bronchioles.
Numerous alveolus and alveolar sacs surround the alveolar ducts.
In the acinar region,the alveolar ducts are attached to the end of each bronchiole.
Gas exchange occurs only in alveolus.
Alveoli are in direct contact with capillarys of the circulatory system.
Such intimate contact ensures that oxygen will diffuse from alveolus into the blood and be distributed to the cells of the body.
In addition,the carbon dioxide that was produce by cells as a waste product will diffuse from the blood into alveolus to be exhaled.
The anatomical arrangement of capillarys and alveoli emphasizes the structural and functional relationship of the respiratory and circulatory systems.
This organization produces a very large surface area that is available for gas exchange.
The surface area of alveolus in the lungs is approximately 75m2.
This large surface area,combined with the thin-walled nature of the alveolar parenchymal cells,allows gas to easily diffuse across the cells.
Each alveolar sac contains 20to 30spherical alveolus and has the appearance of a bunch of grapes.
Air flows into the atrium of the alveolar sac,then circulates into alveolus where gas exchange occurs with the capillarys.
The respiratory system contains several protective mechanisms to avoid problems or tissue damage.
In the nasal cavity,hairs and mucus trap small particles,virus,bacteria,dust,and dirt to prevent their entry.
In the nasal cavity,hairs and mucus trap small particles,virus,bacteria,dust.
If particulates do make it beyond the nose,or enter through the mouth,the bronchi and bronchioles of the lungs also contain several protective devices.
If particulates do make it beyond the nose.
enter through the mouth,the bronchi and bronchioles of the lungs also contain several protective devices.
The lungs produce mucus—a sticky substance made of mucin,a complex glycoprotein,as well as salts and water—that traps particulates.
These cilia beat in unison and move mucus and particles out of the bronchi and bronchioles back up to the throat where it is swallowed and eliminated via the esophagus.
In humans,for example,tar and other substances in cigarette smoke destroy or paralyze the cilia,making the removal of particles more difficult.
In addition,smoking causes the lungs to produce more mucus,which the damage cilia are not able to move.
This causes a persistent cough,as the lungs try to rid themselves of particulate matter,and makes smokers more susceptible to respiratory ailments.
This causes a persistent cough,as the lungs try to rid themselves of particulate matter.
The structure of the lung maximizes its surface area to increase gas diffusion.
Because of the enormous number of alveolus,the surface area of the lung is very large.
Basic Principles of Gas Exchange Gas exchange during respiration occurs primarily through diffusion.
Diffusion is a process in which transport is drive by a concentration gradient.
Gas molecules move from a region of high concentration to a region of low concentration.
Blood that is low in oxygen concentration and high in carbon dioxide concentration undergoes gas exchange with air in the lungs.
The air in the lungs has a high concentration of oxygen than that of oxygen-depleted blood and a low concentration of carbon dioxide.
This concentration gradient allows for gas exchange during respiration.
Partial pressure is a measure of the concentration of the individual components in a mixture of gas.
The total pressure exerted by the mixture is the sum of the partial pressures of the components in the mixture.
The rate of diffusion of a gas is proportional to its partial pressure within the total gas mixture.
This concept is discussed far in detail below.
Lung Volumes and Capacities Different animals have different lung capacitys base on their activitys.
Cheetahs have evolve a much high lung capacity than humans;it helps provide oxygen to all the muscles in the body and allows they to run very fast.
Cheetahs have evolve a much high lung capacity than humans.
it helps provide oxygen to all the muscles in the body and allows they to run very fast.
Elephants also have a high lung capacity.
Human lung size is determine by genetics,sex,and height.
Human lung size is determine by genetics,sex.
At maximal capacity,the average adult male'szitdojs can hold almost six liters of air,but lungs do not usually operate at maximal capacity.
Capacity is any two or more volumes.
The total lung capacity of the adult male is six liters.
Tidal volume is the volume of air inhaled in a single,normal breath.
Inspiratory capacity is the amount of air taken in during a deep breath,and residual volume is the amount of air left in the lungs after forceful respiration.
Inspiratory capacity is the amount of air taken in during a deep breath.
residual volume is the amount of air left in the lungs after forceful respiration.
The volume in the lungs can be divide into four units:tidal volume,expiratory reserve volume,inspiratory reserve volume,and residual volume.
The volume in the lungs can be divide into four units:tidal volume,expiratory reserve volume,inspiratory reserve volume.
Tidal volume measures the amount of air that is inspired and expired during a normal breath.
On average,this volume is around one-half liter,which is a little less than the capacity of a 20-ounce drink bottle.
The expiratory reserve volume is the additional amount of air that can be exhaled after a normal exhalation.
It is the reserve amount that can be exhaled beyond what is normal.
Conversely,the inspiratory reserve volume is the additional amount of air that can be inhaled after a normal inhalation.
The residual volume is the amount of air that is left after expiratory reserve volume is exhaled.
Residual volume is also important for prevent large fluctuations in respiratory gas.
The residual volume is the only lung volume that kajdidnot be measure directly because it is impossible to completely empty the lungs of air.
This volume can only be calculated rather than measure.
Capacitys are measurements of two or more volumes.
The vital capacity measures the maximum amount of air that can be inhaled or exhaled during a respiratory cycle.
It is the sum of the expiratory reserve volume,tidal volume,and inspiratory reserve volume.
It is the sum of the expiratory reserve volume,tidal volume.
The inspiratory capacity is the amount of air that can be inhaled after the end of a normal expiration.
It is,therefore,the sum of the tidal volume and inspiratory reserve volume.
The FRC measures the amount of additional air that can be exhaled after a normal exhalation.
Lastly,the total lung capacity is a measurement of the total amount of air that the lungs can hold.
It is the sum of the residual volume,expiratory reserve volume,tidal volume,and inspiratory reserve volume.
It is the sum of the residual volume,expiratory reserve volume,tidal volume.
Lung volumes are measure by a technique call spirometry.
In addition,the force vital capacity,which is the total amount of air that can be forcibly exhaled,is measure.
The ratio of these values is use to diagnose lung diseases including asthma,emphysema,and fibrosis.
The ratio of these values is use to diagnose lung diseases including asthma,emphysema.
If the FEV1/FVC ratio is high,the lungs are not compliant,and the patient most likely has lung fibrosis.
If the FEV1/FVC ratio is high,the lungs are not compliant.
the patient most likely has lung fibrosis.
Patients exhale most of the lung volume very quickly.
In this instance,it is hard for the patient to get the air out of their lungs,and it takes a long time to reach the maximal exhalation volume.
In this instance,it is hard for the patient to get the air out of their lungs.
it takes a long time to reach the maximal exhalation volume.
In either case,breathing is difficult and complications arise.
They work as part of a medical team to develop treatment plans for patients.
They may operate advanced equipment such as compressed gas delivery systems,ventilators,blood gas analyzers,and resuscitators.
They may operate advanced equipment such as compressed gas delivery systems,ventilators,blood gas analyzers.
Specialized programs to become a respiratory therapist generally lead to a bachelor'sfadpunbem with a respiratory therapist specialty.
Because of a growing age population,career opportunitys as a respiratory therapist are expected to remain strong.
Gas Pressure and Respiration The respiratory process can be well understand by examining the propertys of gas.
Gas move freely,but gas particles are constantly hitting the walls of their vessel,thereby produce gas pressure.
Air is a mixture of gas,primarily nitrogen,oxygen,water vapor,and carbon dioxide.
Air is a mixture of gas,primarily nitrogen,oxygen,water vapor.
Each gas component of that mixture exerts a pressure.
The pressure for an individual gas in the mixture is the partial pressure of that gas.
atmospheric gas is oxygen.
Carbon dioxide,however,is found in relatively small amounts,0.04percent.
The partial pressure for oxygen is much great than that of carbon dioxide.
The pressure of the atmosphere at sea level is 760mm Hg.
At high altitudes,Patm decreases but concentration does not change;the partial pressure decrease is due to the reduction in Patm.
At high altitudes,Patm decreases but concentration does not change.
the partial pressure decrease is due to the reduction in Patm.
The pressure of the water vapor in the lung does not change the pressure of the air,but it must be included in the partial pressure equation.
These pressures determine the gas exchange,or the flow of gas,in the system.
These pressures determine the gas exchange.
Oxygen and carbon dioxide will flow according to their pressure gradient from high to low.
Gas Exchange across the Alveoli In the body,oxygen is use by cells of the body'szotvuxlapkuds and carbon dioxide is produce as a waste product.
The ratio of carbon dioxide production to oxygen consumption is the respiratory quotient.
RQ varies between 0.7and 1.0.
If just glucose were use to fuel the body,the RQ would equal one.
One mole of carbon dioxide would be produce for every mole of oxygen consume.
Glucose,however,is not the only fuel for the body.
Protein and fat are also use as fuels for the body.
Because of this,less carbon dioxide is produce than oxygen is consume and the RQ is,on average,about 0.7for fat and about 0.8for protein.
The RQ is use to calculate the partial pressure of oxygen in the alveolar spaces within the lung,the alveolar .
Above,the partial pressure of oxygen in the lungs was calculated to be 150mm Hg.
However,lungs never fully deflate with an exhalation;therefore,the inspired air mixs with this residual air and lowers the partial pressure of oxygen within the alveolus.
However,lungs never fully deflate with an exhalation.
This means that there is a low concentration of oxygen in the lungs than is found in the air outside the body.
In the lungs,oxygen diffuses out of the alveolus and into the capillarys surrounding the alveolus.
percent)binds reversibly to the respiratory pigment hemoglobin found in red blood cells.
rbcs carry oxygen to the tissues where oxygen dissociates from the hemoglobin and diffuses into the cells of the tissues.
Because this pressure gradient exists,oxygen diffuses down its pressure gradient,move out of the alveolus and entering the blood of the capillarys where O2binds to hemoglobin.
CO2diffuses down its pressure gradient,move out of the capillarys and entering the alveolus.
Oxygen and carbon dioxide move independently of each other;they diffuse down their own pressure gradients.
Oxygen and carbon dioxide move independently of each other.
they diffuse down their own pressure gradients.
As blood enters the systemic capillarys,the blood will lose oxygen and gain carbon dioxide because of the pressure difference of the tissues and blood.
This pressure gradient drives the diffusion of oxygen out of the capillarys and into the tissue cells.
b.Blood travels from the lungs to the heart to body tissues,then back to the heart,then the lungs.
c.Blood travels from the lungs to the heart to body tissues,then back to the lungs,then the heart.
d.is high in air than in the lungs.
In short,the change in partial pressure from the alveolus to the capillarys drives the oxygen into the tissues and the carbon dioxide into the blood from the tissues.
Mammalian lungs are located in the thoracic cavity where they are surrounded and protect by the rib cage,intercostal muscles,and bind by the chest wall.
Mammalian lungs are located in the thoracic cavity where they are surrounded and protect by the rib cage,intercostal muscles.
The bottom of the lungs is contained by the diaphragm,a skeletal muscle that facilitates breathing.
Breathing requires the coordination of the lungs,the chest wall,and most importantly,the diaphragm.
Breathing requires the coordination of the lungs,the chest wall.
Types of Breathing Amphibians have evolve multiple ways of breathing.
Young amphibians,like tadpoles,use gills to breathe,and they don'tleave the water.
Young amphibians,like tadpoles,use gills to breathe.
they don'tleave the water.
Some amphibians retain gills for life.
These lungs are primitive and not as evolve as mammalian lungs.
The other means of breathing for amphibians is diffusion across the skin.
To aid this diffusion,amphibian skin must remain moist.
Birds face a unique challenge with respect to breathing:They fly.
Fly consumes a great amount of energy;therefore,birds require a lot of oxygen to aid their metabolic process.
therefore,birds require a lot of oxygen to aid their metabolic process.
Birds have evolve a respiratory system that supplys they with the oxygen need to enable fly.
Similar to mammals,birds have lungs,which are organs specialize for gas exchange.
Oxygenated air,taken in during inhalation,diffuses across the surface of the lungs into the bloodstream,and carbon dioxide diffuses from the blood into the lungs and expel during exhalation.
Oxygenated air,taken in during inhalation,diffuses across the surface of the lungs into the bloodstream.
carbon dioxide diffuses from the blood into the lungs and expel during exhalation.
The details of breathing between birds and mammals differ substantially.
In addition to lungs,birds have air sacs inside their body.
Air flows in one direction from the posterior air sacs to the lungs and out of the anterior air sacs.
The flow of air is in the opposite direction from blood flow,and gas exchange takes place much more efficiently.
The flow of air is in the opposite direction from blood flow.
gas exchange takes place much more efficiently.
This type of breathing enables birds to obtain the requisite oxygen,even at high altitudes where the oxygen concentration is low.
This directionality of airflow requires two cycles of air intake and exhalation to completely get the air out of the lungs.
Avian Respiration Birds have evolve a respiratory system that enables they to fly.
Furthermore,many birds fly in high altitudes where the concentration of oxygen is low.
In fact,fossil evidence shows that meat-eat dinosaurs that live more than 100million years ago had a similar flow-through respiratory system with lungs and air sacs.
Archaeopteryx and Xiaotingia,for example,were fly dinosaurs and are believed to be early precursors of birds.
However,modern birds are descendants of avian dinosaurs.
The respiratory system of modern birds has been evolve for hundreds of millions of years.
All mammals have lungs that are the main organs for breathing.
During inhalation,the lungs expand with air,and oxygen diffuses across the lung'snortoyzig and enters the bloodstream.
During inhalation,the lungs expand with air.
oxygen diffuses across the lung'snortoyzig and enters the bloodstream.
During exhalation,the lungs expel air and lung volume decreases.
In the next few sections,the process of human breathing will be explained.
The Mechanics of Human Breathing Boyle'sRervut is the gas law that states that in a closed space,pressure and volume are inversely related.
The relationship between gas pressure and volume helps to explain the mechanics of breathing.
This graph shows datum from Boyle'syukzuq 1662experiment,which shows that pressure and volume are inversely related.
No units are given as Boyle use arbitrary units in his experiments.
During inhalation,volume increases as a result of contraction of the diaphragm,and pressure decreases.
During inhalation,volume increases as a result of contraction of the diaphragm.
Because of this drop in pressure,air rushes into the respiratory passages.
Lung volume expands because the diaphragm contracts and the intercostal muscles contract,thus expanding the thoracic cavity.
This increase in the volume of the thoracic cavity lowers pressure compared to the atmosphere,so air rushes into the lungs,thus increase its volume.
The result increase in volume is largely attribute to an increase in alveolar space,because the bronchioles and bronchi are stiff structures that do not change in size.
diaphragm are all involved in respiration,both inhalation and expiration.
The lungs are elastic;therefore,when air fills the lungs,the elastic recoil within the tissues of the lung exerts pressure back toward the interior of the lungs.
The lungs are elastic.
therefore,when air fills the lungs,the elastic recoil within the tissues of the lung exerts pressure back toward the interior of the lungs.
The diaphragm also relaxes and moves higher into the thoracic cavity.
This increases the pressure within the thoracic cavity relative to the environment,and air rushes out of the lungs.
This increases the pressure within the thoracic cavity relative to the environment.
air rushes out of the lungs.
The movement of air out of the lungs is a passive event.
No muscles are contract to expel the air.
Each lung is surrounded by an invaginated sac.
Pleurisy results when these layers of tissue become inflamed;it is painful because the inflammation increases the pressure within the thoracic cavity and reduces the volume of the lung.
it is painful because the inflammation increases the pressure within the thoracic cavity and reduces the volume of the lung.
A tissue layer call pleura surrounds the lung and interior of the thoracic cavity.
The Work of Breathing The number of breaths per minute is the respiratory rate.
On average,under non-exertion conditions,the human respiratory rate is 12–15breaths/minute.
The respiratory rate contributes to the alveolar ventilation,or how much air moves into and out of the alveolus.
The respiratory rate contributes to the alveolar ventilation.
Alveolar ventilation prevents carbon dioxide buildup in the alveolus.
In either case,the ventilation remains the same,but the work done and type of work need are quite different.
Both tidal volume and respiratory rate are closely regulated when oxygen demand increases.
elastic work refers to the work of the intercostal muscles,chest wall,and diaphragm.
Surfactant The air-tissue/water interface of the alveolus has a high surface tension.
This surface tension is similar to the surface tension of water at the liquid-air interface of a water droplet that results in the bonding of the water molecules together.
Surfactant is a complex mixture of phospholipids and lipoproteins that works to reduce the surface tension that exists between the alveoli tissue and the air found within the alveolus.
By lower the surface tension of the alveolar fluid,it reduces the tendency of alveolus to collapse.
When a balloon is first inflated,it takes a large amount of effort to stretch the plastic and start to inflate the balloon.
This same principle applies to the airways.
A small amount of surfactant to the airway tissues reduces the effort or work need to inflate those airways.
Babys bear prematurely sometimes do not produce enough surfactant.
they suffer from respiratory distress syndrome,because it requires more effort to inflate their lungs.
Surfactant is also important for prevent collapse of small alveolus relative to large alveolus.
Lung Resistance and Compliance Pulmonary diseases reduce the rate of gas exchange into and out of the lungs.
Two main causes of decrease gas exchange are compliance and resistance.
A change in either can dramatically alter breathing and the ability to take in oxygen and release carbon dioxide.
Examples of restrictive diseases are respiratory distress syndrome and pulmonary fibrosis.
In both diseases,the airways are less compliant and they are stiff or fibrotic.
In these types of restrictive diseases,the intrapleural pressure is more positive and the airways collapse upon exhalation,which traps air in the lungs.
A patient suffering from these diseases kajdidnot exhale the normal amount of air.
Obstructive diseases and conditions include emphysema,asthma,and pulmonary edema.
Obstructive diseases and conditions include emphysema,asthma.
In emphysema,which mostly arises from smoke tobacco,the walls of the alveolus are destroyed,decrease the surface area for gas exchange.
Asthma is a disease in which inflammation is trigger by environmental factors.
Inflammation obstructs the airways.
Those with asthma or edema experience increase occlusion from increase inflammation of the airways.
Those with obstructive diseases have large volumes of air trap after exhalation and breathe at a very high lung volume to compensate for the lack of airway recruitment.
In restrictive lung disease,FVC is reduced but airways are not obstructed,so the person is able to expel air reasonably fast.
Thus,the FEV1/FVC ratio is low in persons with obstructive lung disease than in persons with restrictive disease.
Dead Space:V/Q Mismatch Pulmonary circulation pressure is very low compared to that of the systemic circulation.
It is also independent of cardiac output.
This is because of a phenomenon call recruitment,which is the process of opening airways that normally remain closed when cardiac output increases.
These capillarys and arterys are not always in use but are ready if need.
This is referred to as ventilation/perfusion mismatch.
Both produce dead space,regions of break down or block lung tissue.
Dead spaces can severely impact breathing,because they reduce the surface area available for gas diffusion.
As a result,the amount of oxygen in the blood decreases,whereas the carbon dioxide level increases.
As a result,the amount of oxygen in the blood decreases.
Anatomical dead space or anatomical shunt,arises from an anatomical failure,while physiological dead space or physiological shunt,arises from a functional impairment of the lung or arterys.
Anatomical dead space or anatomical shunt,arises from an anatomical failure.
physiological dead space or physiological shunt,arises from a functional impairment of the lung or arterys.
An example of an anatomical shunt is the effect of gravity on the lungs.
The lung is particularly susceptible to changes in the magnitude and direction of gravitational forces.
When someone is standing or sitting upright,the pleural pressure gradient leads to increase ventilation far down in the lung.
Likewise,it takes less energy to pump blood to the bottom of the lung than to the top when in a prone position.
Perfusion of the lung is not uniform while standing or sitting.
This is a result of hydrostatic forces combined with the effect of airway pressure.
As a result,the rate of gas exchange is reduced.
This will decrease ventilation but not affect perfusion;therefore,the V/Q ratio changes and gas exchange is affect.
This will decrease ventilation but not affect perfusion.
therefore,the V/Q ratio changes and gas exchange is affect.
The lung can compensate for these mismatchs in ventilation and perfusion.
This increases perfusion and reduces ventilation.
Although gas exchange is a continuous process,the oxygen and carbon dioxide are transport by different mechanisms.
Only 1.5percent of oxygen in the blood is dissolve directly into the blood itself.
Most oxygen—98.5percent—is bind to a protein call hemoglobin and carried to the tissues.
Each subunit surrounds a central heme group that contains iron and binds one oxygen molecule,allowing each hemoglobin molecule to bind four oxygen molecules.
Molecules with more oxygen bind to the heme groups are bright red.
venous blood that is deoxygenated is dark red.
The protein inside red blood cells that carries oxygen to cells and carbon dioxide to the lungs is hemoglobin.
It is the iron in hemoglobin that gives blood its red color.
It is easy to bind a second and third oxygen molecule to Hb than the first molecule.
The fourth oxygen is then more difficult to bind.
The binding of oxygen to hemoglobin can be plotted as a function of the partial pressure of oxygen in the blood versus the relative Hb-oxygen saturation.
As the partial pressure of oxygen increases,the hemoglobin becomes increasingly saturated with oxygen.
The oxygen dissociation curve demonstrates that,as the partial pressure of oxygen increases,more oxygen binds hemoglobin.
However,the affinity of hemoglobin for oxygen may shift to the left or the right depending on environmental conditions.
The kidneys are responsible for removing excess H+ions from the blood.
Factors That Affect Oxygen Binding The oxygen-carrying capacity of hemoglobin determines how much oxygen is carried in the blood.
In addition to ,other environmental factors and diseases can affect oxygen carrying capacity and delivery.
When carbon dioxide is in the blood,it reacts with water to form bicarbonate and hydrogen ions.
This increase in carbon dioxide and subsequent decrease in ph reduce the affinity of hemoglobin for oxygen.
Therefore,more oxygen is need to reach the same hemoglobin saturation level as when the ph was high.
A similar shift in the curve also results from an increase in body temperature.
Increase temperature,such as from increase activity of skeletal muscle,causes the affinity of hemoglobin for oxygen to be reduced.
Diseases like sickle cell anemia and thalassemia decrease the blood'smidcarhemyux to deliver oxygen to tissues and its oxygen-carrying capacity.
In this form,red blood cells kajdidnot pass through the capillarys.
This is painful when it occurs.
Thalassemia is a rare genetic disease cause by a defect in either the alpha or the beta subunit of Hb.
Patients with thalassemia produce a high number of red blood cells,but these cells have low-than-normal levels of hemoglobin.
Therefore,the oxygen-carrying capacity is diminished.
Several propertys of carbon dioxide in the blood affect its transport.
First,carbon dioxide is more soluble in blood than oxygen.
About 5to 7percent of all carbon dioxide is dissolve in the plasma.
Second,carbon dioxide can bind to plasma proteins or can enter red blood cells and bind to hemoglobin.
This form transports about 10percent of the carbon dioxide.
Therefore,when it reachs the lungs,the carbon dioxide can freely dissociate from the hemoglobin and be expel from the body.
Third,the majority of carbon dioxide molecules are carried as part of the bicarbonate buffer system.
In this system,carbon dioxide diffuses into the red blood cells.
Carbonic anhydrase within the red blood cells quickly converts the carbon dioxide into carbonic acid.
Carbonic acid is an unstable intermediate molecule that immediately dissociates into bicarbonate ions and hydrogen ions.
Since carbon dioxide is quickly convert into bicarbonate ions,this reaction allows for the continued uptake of carbon dioxide into the blood down its concentration gradient.
It also results in the production of H+ions.
If too much H+is produce,it can alter blood pH.
When the blood reachs the lungs,the bicarbonate ion is transport back into the red blood cell in exchange for the chloride ion.
The H+ion dissociates from the hemoglobin and binds to the bicarbonate ion.
This produces the carbonic acid intermediate,which is convert back into carbon dioxide through the enzymatic action of CA.
The carbon dioxide produce is expel through the lungs during exhalation.
The benefit of the bicarbonate buffer system is that carbon dioxide is "soaked up"into the blood with little change to the ph of the system.
This is important because it takes only a small change in the overall ph of the body for severe injury or death to result.
Carbon monoxide has a great affinity for hemoglobin than oxygen.
Therefore,when carbon monoxide is present,it binds to hemoglobin preferentially over oxygen.
Carbon monoxide is a colorless,odorless gas and is therefore difficult to detect.
It is produce by gas-power vehicles and tools.
Carbon monoxide can cause headaches,confusion,and nausea;long-term exposure can cause brain damage or death.
Carbon monoxide can cause headaches,confusion,and nausea.
long-term exposure can cause brain damage or death.
Carbon monoxide can cause headaches,confusion.
nausea;long-term exposure can cause brain damage or death.
Chapter Summary 39.1Systems of Gas Exchange 39.2Gas Exchange across Respiratory Animal respiratory systems are design to facilitate Surfaces gas exchange.
In mammals,air is warm and The lungs can hold a large volume of air,but they are humidified in the nasal cavity.
Air then travels down the not usually fill to maximal capacity.
The sum of these equals the total lung first site of gas exchange.
Gas movement into or out of the lungs is open into the alveolar ducts,alveolar sacs,and alveolus.
Gas movement into or out of the lungs is open into the alveolar ducts,alveolar sacs.
Several protective mechanisms are in place to lung.
air is drawn into the airways.
It is dissolve directly in the blood,opening of the alveolus.
The majority of carbon dioxide is changes in the compliance and resistance of the lung.
Air becomes trap in the,which is subsequently hydrolyze into lungs,making breathing more difficult.
In the lungs,bicarbonate is transport ventilation and perfusion,call V/Q mismatch,can back into the red blood cells in exchange for chloride.
The carbon dioxide is then expel comprised of two alpha and two beta subunits that from the lungs.
c.Blood travels from the lungs to the heart b.
to body tissues,then back to the lungs,c.Alveolar ducts connect to alveolar sacs.
Gas exchange between the lung and blood d.is high in air than in the lungs.
The kidneys are responsible for 2.
kidneys fail,what would happen to blood ph and a.
per minute a.provides body tissues with oxygen d.provides the body with carbon dioxide b.provides body tissues with oxygen and carbon dioxide 5.
This helps to ________.
b.decrease sensitivity during breathing a.It would prevent contraction of the c.prevent damage to the lungs intercostal muscles.
It would prevent inhalation because the intrapleural pressure would not change.
It would decrease the intrapleural a.nasal cavity,trachea,larynx,bronchi,pressure and allow more air to enter the bronchioles,alveolus lungs.
It would slow expiration because the lung bronchioles,alveolus would not relax.
The inspiratory reserve volume measures the d.decrease the work of breathing ________.
Alveolar ventilation remains constant when a maximal exhalation ________.
the respiratory rate and the volume of air d.amount of air that can be far inhaled per breath are increase after a normal breath c.
water vapor pressure alters the pressure.
a.decrease body temperature b.Carbon dioxide mixs with oxygen.
c.Oxygen is move into the blood and is c.increase carbon dioxide head to the tissues.
d.increase exercise d.Lungs exert a pressure on the air to reduce the oxygen pressure.
The majority of carbon dioxide in the blood is transport by ________.
The majority of oxygen in the blood is c.expiratory reserve volume +tidal volume +transport by ________.
When someone is standing,gravity stretchs the bottom of the lung down toward the floor to a 19.
What is the reason for having residual volume in great extent than the top of the lung.
implication could this have on the flow of air in 20.
oxygen save a patient from carbon monoxide 22.