#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 40—The Circulatory System
#Auto-extract from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:355

Just as highway systems transport people and goods through a complex network,the circulatory system transports nutrients,gas,and wastes throughout the animal body.
Just as highway systems transport people and goods through a complex network,the circulatory system transports nutrients,gas.
INTRODUCTION Most animals are complex multicellular organisms that require a mechanism for transport nutrients throughout their bodys and removing waste products.
This extensive network supplys the cells,tissues,and organs with oxygen and nutrients,and removes carbon dioxide and waste,which are byproducts of respiration.
This extensive network supplys the cells,tissues.
The size of a clenched fist,the human heart is protect beneath the rib cage.
Made of specialized and unique cardiac muscle,it pumps blood throughout the body and to the heart itself.
Heart contractions are drive by intrinsic electrical impulses that the brain and endocrine hormones help to regulate.
Gas exchange is one essential function of the circulatory system.
A circulatory system is not need in organisms with no specialized respiratory organs because oxygen and carbon dioxide diffuse directly between their body tissues and the external environment.
However,in organisms that possess lungs and gills,oxygen must be transport from these specialize respiratory organs to the body tissues via a circulatory system.
Therefore,circulatory systems have had to evolve to accommodate the great diversity of body sizes and body types present among animals.
In all animals,except a few simple types,the circulatory system is use to transport nutrients and gas through the body.
Circulatory System Architecture The circulatory system is effectively a network of cylindrical vessels:the arterys,veins,and capillarys that emanate from a pump,the heart.
Circulatory System Architecture The circulatory system is effectively a network of cylindrical vessels:the arterys,veins.
In all vertebrate organisms,as well as some invertebrates,this is a closed-loop system,in which the blood is not free in a cavity.
As the heart beats and the animal moves,the hemolymph circulates around the organs within the body cavity and then reenters the hearts through openings call ostia.
This movement allows for gas and nutrient exchange.
Birds,having a closed circulatory system,are thought to have move more agilely,allowing they to get food fast and possibly to prey on the insects.
Most vertebrates and some invertebrates,like this annelid earthworm,have a closed circulatory system.
In open circulatory systems,a fluid call hemolymph is pump through a blood vessel that emptys into the body cavity.
Hemolymph returns to the blood vessel through openings call ostia.
Arthropods like this bee and most mollusks have open circulatory systems.
Circulatory System Variation in Animals The circulatory system varies from simple systems in invertebrates to more complex systems in vertebrates.
Exchange of fluids is assist by the pulsing of the jellyfish body.
Instead,gas,nutrients,and wastes are exchange by diffusion.
wastes are exchange by diffusion.
For more complex organisms,diffusion is not efficient for cycling gas,nutrients,and waste effectively through the body;therefore,more complex circulatory systems evolve.
For more complex organisms,diffusion is not efficient for cycling gas,nutrients,and waste effectively through the body.
therefore,more complex circulatory systems evolve.
For more complex organisms,diffusion is not efficient for cycling gas,nutrients.
waste effectively through the body;therefore,more complex circulatory systems evolve.
Most arthropods and many mollusks have open circulatory systems.
In an open system,an elongate beat heart pushes the hemolymph through the body and muscle contractions help to move fluids.
Amphibians have two circulatory routes:one for oxygenation of the blood through the lungs and skin,and the other to take oxygen to the rest of the body.
Amphibians have two circulatory routes:one for oxygenation of the blood through the lungs and skin.
The blood is pump from a three-chamber heart with two atria and a single ventricle.
Reptiles also have two circulatory routes;however,blood is only oxygenated through the lungs.
Reptiles also have two circulatory routes.
however,blood is only oxygenated through the lungs.
The heart is three chamber,but the ventricles are partially separate so some mixing of oxygenated and deoxygenated blood occurs except in crocodilians and birds.
Fish have a single circuit for blood flow and a two-chamber heart that has only a single atrium and a single ventricle.
The blood then continues through the rest of the body before arriving back at the atrium;this is call systemic circulation.
The blood then continues through the rest of the body before arriving back at the atrium.
This unidirectional flow of blood produces a gradient of oxygenated to deoxygenated blood around the fish'spiszap circuit.
The result is a limit in the amount of oxygen that can reach some of the organs and tissues of the body,reducing the overall metabolic capacity of fish.
In amphibians,gas exchange also occurs through the skin during pulmonary circulation and is referred to as pulmocutaneous circulation.
The advantage to this arrangement is that high pressure in the vessels pushes blood to the lungs and body.
The mixing is mitigated by a ridge within the ventricle that diverts oxygen-rich blood through the systemic circulatory system and deoxygenated blood to the pulmocutaneous circuit.
For this reason,amphibians are often described as having double circulation.
The ventricle is divide more effectively by a partial septum,which results in less mixing of oxygenated and deoxygenated blood.
Some reptiles are the most primitive animals to exhibit a four-chamber heart.
Together these adaptations have made crocodiles and alligators one of the most evolutionarily successful animal groups on earth.
The oxygenated blood is separate from the deoxygenated blood,which improves the efficiency of double circulation and is probably required for the warm-blooded lifestyle of mammals and birds.
The four-chamber heart of birds and mammals evolve independently from a three-chambered heart.
The independent evolution of the same or a similar biological trait is referred to as convergent evolution.
Hemoglobin is responsible for distributing oxygen,and to a less extent,carbon dioxide,throughout the circulatory systems of humans,vertebrates,and many invertebrates.
Hemoglobin is responsible for distributing oxygen.
The blood is more than the proteins,though.
Blood plasma is actually the dominant component of blood and contains the water,proteins,electrolytes,lipids,and glucose.
Blood plasma is actually the dominant component of blood and contains the water,proteins,electrolytes,lipids.
The cells are responsible for carrying the gas and the immune response.
The platelets are responsible for blood clotting.
Interstitial fluid that surrounds cells is separate from the blood,but in hemolymph,they are combined.
In humans,cellular components make up approximately 45percent of the blood and the liquid plasma 55percent.
Blood is 20percent of a person'svapsag fluid and eight percent of weight.
Blood helps maintain homeostasis by stabilizing ph,temperature,osmotic pressure,and by eliminating excess heat.
Blood helps maintain homeostasis by stabilizing ph,temperature,osmotic pressure.
Blood supports growth by distributing nutrients and hormones,and by removing waste.
Blood supports growth by distributing nutrients and hormones.
Blood plays a protective role by transport clot factors and platelets to prevent blood loss and transport the disease-fight agents or white blood cells to sites of infection.
Red blood cells deliver oxygen to the cells and remove carbon dioxide.
White blood cells—including neutrophils,monocytes,lymphocytes,eosinophils,and basophils—are involved in the immune response.
basophils—are involved in the immune response.
In mammals,red blood cells are small biconcave cells that at maturity do not contain a nucleus or mitochondria and are only 7–8µm in size.
In birds and non-avian reptiles,a nucleus is still maintained in red blood cells.
The principle job of this protein is to carry oxygen,but it also transports carbon dioxide as well.
Hemoglobin is pack into red blood cells at a rate of about 250million molecules of hemoglobin per cell.
Each hemoglobin molecule binds four oxygen molecules so that each red blood cell carries one billion molecules of oxygen.
In mammals,the lack of organelles in erythrocytes leaves more room for the hemoglobin molecules,and the lack of mitochondria also prevents use of the oxygen for metabolic respiration.
In mammals,the lack of organelles in erythrocytes leaves more room for the hemoglobin molecules.
the lack of mitochondria also prevents use of the oxygen for metabolic respiration.
Only mammals have anucleated red blood cells,and some mammals even have nucleated red blood cells.
Only mammals have anucleated red blood cells.
some mammals even have nucleated red blood cells.
The advantage of nucleated red blood cells is that these cells can undergo mitosis.
Anucleated red blood cells metabolize anaerobically,making use of a primitive metabolic pathway to produce ATP and increase the efficiency of oxygen transport.
Not all organisms use hemoglobin as the method of oxygen transport.
Invertebrates that utilize hemolymph rather than blood use different pigments to bind to the oxygen.
These pigments use copper or iron to bind to the oxygen.
Invertebrates have a variety of other respiratory pigments.
Chlorocruorin,a green-color,iron-containing pigment is found in four familys of polychaete tubeworms.
Despite the name,hemerythrin does not contain a heme group and its oxygen-carrying capacity is poor compared to hemoglobin.
In most vertebrates,hemoglobin delivers oxygen to the body and removes some carbon dioxide.
Hemoglobin is composed of four protein subunits,two alpha chains and two beta chains,and a heme group that has iron associate with it.
Hemoglobin is composed of four protein subunits,two alpha chains and two beta chains.
The iron reversibly associates with oxygen,and in so doing is oxidized from Fe2+to Fe3+.
The iron reversibly associates with oxygen.
In most mollusks and some arthropods,hemocyanin delivers oxygen.
Unlike hemoglobin,hemocyanin is not carried in blood cells,but floats free in the hemolymph.
Copper instead of iron binds the oxygen,giving the hemolymph a blue-green color.
In annelids,such as the earthworm,and some other invertebrates,hemerythrin carries oxygen.
some other invertebrates,hemerythrin carries oxygen.
Like hemoglobin,hemerythrin is carried in blood cells and has iron associate with it,but despite its name,hemerythrin does not contain heme.
The small size and large surface area of red blood cells allows for rapid diffusion of oxygen and carbon dioxide across the plasma membrane.
In the lungs,carbon dioxide is release and oxygen is taken in by the blood.
In the tissues,oxygen is release from the blood and carbon dioxide is bind for transport back to the lungs.
Studys have found that hemoglobin also binds nitrous oxide.
Nitroglycerin,a heart medication for angina and heart attacks,is convert to NO to help relax the blood vessels and increase oxygen flow through the body.
A characteristic of red blood cells is their glycolipid and glycoprotein coating;these are lipids and proteins that have carbohydrate molecules attached.
A characteristic of red blood cells is their glycolipid and glycoprotein coating.
these are lipids and proteins that have carbohydrate molecules attached.
White Blood Cells White blood cells,also call leukocytes,make up approximately one percent by volume of the cells in blood.
White blood cells are form continually;some only live for hours or days,but some live for years.
White blood cells are form continually.
some only live for hours or days,but some live for years.
The morphology of white blood cells differs significantly from red blood cells.
They have nucleus and do not contain hemoglobin.
The different types of white blood cells are identify by their microscopic appearance after histologic staining,and each has a different specialized function.
The different types of white blood cells are identify by their microscopic appearance after histologic staining.
each has a different specialized function.
Granulocytes are typically first-responders during injury or infection.
Agranulocytes include lymphocytes and monocytes.
Lymphocytes,including B and T cells,are responsible for adaptive immune response.
Monocytes differentiate into macrophages and dendritic cells,which in turn respond to infection or injury.
Granulocytes contain granules in their cytoplasm;the agranulocytes are so name because of the lack of granules in their cytoplasm.
Granulocytes contain granules in their cytoplasm.
the agranulocytes are so name because of the lack of granules in their cytoplasm.
Lymphocytes are the primary cells of the immune system and include B cells,T cells,and natural killer cells.
Lymphocytes are the primary cells of the immune system and include B cells,T cells.
B cells destroy bacteria and inactivate their toxins.
They also produce antibodys.
T cells attack virus,fungus,some bacteria,transplanted cells,and cancer cells.
T cells attack virus,fungus,some bacteria,transplanted cells.
T cells attack virus by release toxins that kill the virus.
Natural killer cells attack a variety of infectious microbes and certain tumor cells.
After the HIV virus replicates,it is transmitted directly from the infected T cell to macrophages.
The presence of HIV can remain unrecognized for an extensive period of time before full disease symptoms develop.
Platelets and Coagulation Factors Blood must clot to heal wounds and prevent excess blood loss.
Small cell fragments call platelets are attract to the wound site where they adhere by extend many projections and release their contents.
vitamin K deficiency can lead to problems with blood clotting.
The plug or clot lasts for a number of days and stops the loss of blood.
For each megakaryocyte,2000–3000platelets are form with 150,000to 400,000platelets present in each cubic millimeter of blood.
Each platelet is disc shape and 2–4μm in diameter.
They contain many small vesicles but do not contain a nucleus.
The megakaryocyte breaks up into thousands of fragments that become platelets.
Platelets are required for clotting of the blood.
it is separate by spinning or centrifuge the blood at high rotations.
The blood cells and platelets are separate by centrifugal forces to the bottom of a specimen tube.
The upper liquid layer,the plasma,consists of 90percent water along with various substances required for maintaining the body'svabmaydis,osmotic load,and for protect the body.
The upper liquid layer,the plasma,consists of 90percent water along with various substances required for maintaining the body'svabmaydis,osmotic load.
The plasma also contains the coagulation factors and antibodys.
Serum is similar to interstitial fluid in which the correct composition of key ions act as electrolytes is essential for normal functioning of muscles and nerves.
Other components in the serum include proteins that assist with maintaining ph and osmotic balance while giving viscosity to the blood.
The serum also contains antibodys,specialized proteins that are important for defense against virus and bacteria.
Lipids,including cholesterol,are also transport in the serum,along with various other substances including nutrients,hormones,metabolic waste,plus external substances,such as,drugs,virus,and bacteria.
Lipids,including cholesterol,are also transport in the serum,along with various other substances including nutrients,hormones,metabolic waste,plus external substances,such as,drugs,virus.
Human serum albumin is the most abundant protein in human blood plasma and is synthesize in the liver.
Albumin,which constitutes about half of the blood serum protein,transports hormones and fatty acids,buffers ph,and maintains osmotic pressures.
Immunoglobin is a protein antibody produce in the mucosal lining and plays an important role in antibody mediated immunity.
Blood Types Related to Proteins on the Surface of the Red Blood Cells Red blood cells are coat in antigens made of glycolipids and glycoproteins.
The composition of these molecules is determine by genetics,which have evolve over time.
In humans,the different surface antigens are group into 24different blood groups with more than 100different antigens on each red blood cell.
Antibodies call agglutinougens are found in the blood plasma and react with the A or B antigens,if the two are mixed.
antibodies in the plasma that bind with the opposing antigen;this causes clots that coagulate in the kidney cause kidney failure.
this causes clots that coagulate in the kidney cause kidney failure.
Type O blood has neither A or B antigens,and therefore,type O blood can be given to all blood types.
Type O blood has neither A or B antigens.
therefore,type O blood can be given to all blood types.
Type O negative blood is the universal donor.
Type AB positive blood is the universal acceptor because it has both A and B antigen.
The ABO blood groups were discovered in 1900and 1901by Karl Landsteiner at the University of Vienna.
The Rh blood group was first discovered in Rhesus monkeys.
Most people have the Rh antigen and do not have anti-Rh antibodys in their blood.
The few people who do not have the Rh antigen and are Rh–can develop anti-Rh antibodys if exposed to Rh+blood.
This can happen after a blood transfusion or after an Rh–person has an Rh+baby.
An injection can prevent this reaction.
The glycoproteins serve as antigens and can elicit an immune response in a person who receives a transfusion containing unfamiliar antigens.
Type O blood,which has no A or B antigens,does not elicit an immune response when injected into a person of any blood type.
Persons with type AB blood can accept blood from any blood type,and type AB is considered the universal acceptor.
Persons with type AB blood can accept blood from any blood type.
Coronary circulation intrinsic to the heart takes blood directly from the main artery coming from the heart.
For pulmonary and systemic circulation,the heart has to pump blood to the lungs or the rest of the body,respectively.
In vertebrates,the lungs are relatively close to the heart in the thoracic cavity.
The mammalian circulatory system is divide into three circuits:the systemic circuit,the pulmonary circuit,and the coronary circuit.
The mammalian circulatory system is divide into three circuits:the systemic circuit,the pulmonary circuit.
Blood is pump from veins of the systemic circuit into the right atrium of the heart,then into the right ventricle.
Blood then enters the pulmonary circuit,and is oxygenated by the lungs.
Blood then enters the pulmonary circuit.
From the pulmonary circuit,blood reenters the heart through the left atrium.
From the left ventricle,blood reenters the systemic circuit through the aorta and is distributed to the rest of the body.
Structure of the Heart The heart muscle is asymmetrical as a result of the distance blood must travel in the pulmonary and systemic circuits.
In humans,the heart is about the size of a clenched fist;it is divide into four chambers:two atria and two ventricles.
In humans,the heart is about the size of a clenched fist.
it is divide into four chambers:two atria and two ventricles.
The atria are the chambers that receive blood,and the ventricles are the chambers that pump blood.
The atria are the chambers that receive blood.
the ventricles are the chambers that pump blood.
In addition,the right atrium receives blood from the coronary sinus which drains deoxygenated blood from the heart itself.
After it is fill,the right ventricle pumps the blood through the semilunar valve to the pulmonary arterys and on to the lungs for re-oxygenation.
After blood pass through the pulmonary arterys,the right semilunar valves close prevent the blood from flow backwards into the right ventricle.
The left atrium then receives the oxygen-rich blood from the lungs via the pulmonary veins.
Once blood is pump out of the left ventricle and into the aorta,the aortic semilunar valve closes prevent blood from flow backward into the left ventricle.
This pattern of pumping is referred to as double circulation and is found in all mammals.
The heart is primarily made of a thick muscle layer,call the myocardium,surrounded by membranes.
One-way valves separate the four chambers.
Blood vessels of the coronary system,including the coronary arterys and veins,keep the heart musculature oxygenated.
The mitral valve separates the left ventricle from the left atrium.
b.Blood travels through the bicuspid valve to the left atrium.
The mitral valve is an atrioventricular valve.
The inner wall of the heart has a lining call the endocardium.
The heart has its own blood vessels that supply the heart muscle with blood.
The heart muscle will die without a steady supply of blood.
Atherosclerosis is the blockage of an artery by the buildup of fatty plaques.
Because of the size of the coronary arterys and their function in serving the heart itself,atherosclerosis can be deadly in these arterys.
The Cardiac Cycle The main purpose of the heart is to pump blood through the body;it does so in a repeat sequence call the cardiac cycle.
The Cardiac Cycle The main purpose of the heart is to pump blood through the body.
it does so in a repeat sequence call the cardiac cycle.
The cardiac cycle is the coordination of the filling and emptying of the heart of blood by electrical signals that cause the heart muscles to contract and relax.
The human heart beats over 100,000times per day.
The pumping of the heart is a function of the cardiac muscle cells,or cardiomyocytes,that make up the heart muscle.
The pumping of the heart is a function of the cardiac muscle cells.
They are self-stimulate for a period of time and isolated cardiomyocytes will beat if given the correct balance of nutrients and electrolytes.
The autonomous beating of cardiac muscle cells is regulated by the heart'scopwavfid pacemaker that uses electrical signals to time the beating of the heart.
The internal pacemaker starts at the sinoatrial node,which is located near the wall of the right atrium.
From the AV node,the electrical impulse enters the bundle of His,then to the left and right bundle branchs extend through the interventricular septum.
Finally,the Purkinje fibers conduct the impulse from the apex of the heart up the ventricular myocardium,and then the ventricles contract.
Finally,the Purkinje fibers conduct the impulse from the apex of the heart up the ventricular myocardium.
This pause allows the atria to empty completely into the ventricles before the ventricles pump out the blood.
The electrical impulses in the heart produce electrical currents that flow through the body and can be measure on the skin use electrodes.
This information can be observed as an electrocardiogram—a recording of the electrical impulses of the cardiac muscle.
The beating of the heart is regulated by an electrical impulse that causes the characteristic reading of an ECG.
The signal is initiated at the sinoatrial node.
The signal then spreads to the atria,cause they to contract.
The signal is delay at the atrioventricular node before it is pass on to the heart apex.
The delay allows the atria to relax before the ventricles contract.
The final part of the ECG cycle prepares the heart for the next beat.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit this site to see the heart's"pacemaker"in action.
Arterys take blood away from the heart.
The main artery is the aorta that branchs into major arterys that take blood to different limbs and organs.
The iliac artery takes blood to the low limbs.
The major arterys diverge into minor arterys,and then small vessels call arterioles,to reach more deeply into the muscles and organs of the body.
The major arterys diverge into minor arterys.
then small vessels call arterioles,to reach more deeply into the muscles and organs of the body.
Arterioles diverge into capillary beds.
Capillary beds contain a large number of capillarys that branch among the cells and tissues of the body.
The capillarys converge again into venules that connect to minor veins that finally connect to major veins that take blood high in carbon dioxide back to the heart.
Veins are blood vessels that bring blood back to the heart.
The major veins drain blood from the same organs and limbs that the major arterys supply.
Fluid is also brought back to the heart via the lymphatic system.
The structure of the different types of blood vessels reflects their function or layers.
The first tunic is a smooth,inner lining of endothelial cells that are in contact with the red blood cells.
The endothelial tunic is continuous with the endocardium of the heart.
the smooth muscle layer helps regulate blood flow by alter vascular resistance through vasoconstriction and vasodilation.
The arterys have thick smooth muscle and connective tissue than the veins to accommodate the high pressure and speed of freshly pump blood.
The veins are thin walled as the pressure and rate of flow are much low.
In addition,veins are structurally different than arterys in that veins have valves to prevent the backflow of blood.
Capillarys consist of a single layer of epithelial cells,the tunica intima.
Blood pressure is the pressure exert by blood on the walls of a blood vessel that helps to push blood through the body.
Systolic blood pressure measures the amount of pressure that blood exerts on vessels while the heart is beat.
Diastolic blood pressure measures the pressure in the vessels between heartbeats.
Many factors can affect blood pressure,such as hormones,stress,exercise,eating,sitting,and standing.
Many factors can affect blood pressure,such as hormones,stress,exercise,eating,sitting.
With each rhythmic pump,blood is pushed under high pressure and velocity away from the heart,initially along the main artery,the aorta.
Blood primarily moves in the veins by the rhythmic movement of smooth muscle in the vessel wall and by the action of the skeletal muscle as the body moves.
Because most veins must move blood against the pull of gravity,blood is prevent from flow backward in the veins by one-way valves.
Blood flow through the capillary beds is regulated depending on the body'sjophajsivjaxs and is direct by nerve and hormone signals.
During exercise,blood is diverted to the skeletal muscles through vasodilation while blood to the digestive system would be lessened through vasoconstriction.
If the sphincters are open,the blood will flow into the associate branchs of the capillary blood.
These muscles allow the body to precisely control when capillary beds receive blood flow.
At any given moment only about 5–10%of our capillary beds actually have blood flow through they.
Valves in the veins prevent blood from move backward.
Varicose veins are veins that become enlarge because the valves no long close properly,allowing blood to flow backward.
Varicose veins are often most prominent on the legs.
LINK TO LEARNING See the circulatory system'shuyqeyfincir flow.
Proteins and other large solutes kajdidnot leave the capillarys.
The loss of the watery plasma creates a hyperosmotic solution within the capillarys,especially near the venules.
This causes about 85%of the plasma that leaves the capillarys to eventually diffuse back into the capillarys near the venules.
The fluid in the lymph is similar in composition to the interstitial fluid.
The lymph fluid pass through lymph nodes before it returns to the heart via the superior vena cava.
Lymph nodes are specialized organs that filter the lymph by percolation through a maze of connective tissue fill with white blood cells.
The white blood cells remove infectious agents,such as bacteria and virus,to clean the lymph before it returns to the bloodstream.
Out of 7,200liters of fluid pump by the average heart in a day,over 1,500liters is filter.
Animals with longs necks and those that live in cold environments have distinct blood pressure adaptations.
Long neck animals,such as giraffes,need to pump blood upward from the heart against gravity.
However,if checks and balances were not in place,this blood pressure would damage the giraffe'swuhgov,particularly if it was bend down to drink.
These checks and balances include valves and feedback mechanisms that reduce the rate of cardiac output.
Long-neck dinosaurs such as the sauropods had to pump blood even higher,up to ten meters above the heart.
This would have required a blood pressure of more than 600mm Hg,which could only have been achieved by an enormous heart.
It is likely that they did not routinely feed on tree tops but grazed on the ground.
Live in cold water,whales need to maintain the temperature in their blood.
This is achieved by the veins and arterys being close together so that heat exchange can occur.
The blood vessels and the whole body are also protect by thick layers of blubber to prevent heat loss.
In land animals that live in cold environments,thick fur and hibernation are use to retain heat and slow metabolism.
The pressure of the blood flow in the body is produce by the hydrostatic pressure of the fluid against the walls of the blood vessels.
Fluid will move from areas of high to low hydrostatic pressures.
Throughout the cardiac cycle,the blood continues to empty into the arterioles at a relatively even rate.
In the capillarys and veins,the blood pressure continues to decrease but velocity increases.
Blood Pressure Regulation Cardiac output is the volume of blood pump by the heart in one minute.
Therefore,cardiac output can be increase by increase heart rate,as when exercise.
However,cardiac output can also be increase by increase stroke volume,such as if the heart contracts with great strength.
Stroke volume can also be increase by speed blood circulation through the body so that more blood enters the heart between contractions.
During heavy exertion,the blood vessels relax and increase in diameter,offsetting the increase heart rate and ensuring adequate oxygenated blood gets to the muscles.
Stress triggers a decrease in the diameter of the blood vessels,consequently increase blood pressure.
These changes can also be cause by nerve signals or hormones,and even standing up or lie down can have a great effect on blood pressure.
These changes can also be cause by nerve signals or hormones.
Chapter Summary 40.1Overview of the Circulatory System also contains components for blood clotting.
Red blood cells are specialized cells that contain hemoglobin and In most animals,the circulatory system is use to circulate through the body delivering oxygen to cells.
Some primitive White blood cells are involved in the immune response animals use diffusion for the exchange of water,to identify and target invading bacteria,virus,and nutrients,and gas.
Some primitive White blood cells are involved in the immune response animals use diffusion for the exchange of water,to identify and target invading bacteria,virus.
However,complex organisms use other foreign organisms;they also recycle waste the circulatory system to carry gas,nutrients,and components,such as old red blood cells.
However,complex organisms use other foreign organisms.
they also recycle waste the circulatory system to carry gas,nutrients,and components,such as old red blood cells.
However,complex organisms use other foreign organisms;they also recycle waste the circulatory system to carry gas,nutrients.
Plasma consists of 90circulatory systems are a characteristic of vertebrates;percent water along with various substances,such as however,there are significant differences in the coagulation factors and antibodys.
Plasma consists of 90circulatory systems are a characteristic of vertebrates.
percent water along with various substances,such as however,there are significant differences in the coagulation factors and antibodys.
The serum is the structure of the heart and the circulation of blood plasma component of the blood without the between the different vertebrate groups due to coagulation factors.
Fish have a two-chamber 40.3Mammalian Heart and Blood Vessels heart with unidirectional circulation.
The internal pacemaker starts at the sinoatrial node,which is Specific components of the blood include red blood located near the wall of the right atrium.
Electrical cells,white blood cells,platelets,and the plasma,charges pulse from the SA node cause the two atria which contains coagulation factors and serum.
the plasma,charges pulse from the SA node cause the two atria which contains coagulation factors and serum.
ventricles pump out the blood.
heart,and veins bring blood back to the heart.
veins bring blood back to the heart.
Lymph vessels take fluid that has leak out of the blood to the lymph nodes where it is clean before 40.4Blood Flow and Blood Pressure return to the heart.
During systole,blood enters the Regulation arterys,and the artery walls stretch to accommodate Blood primarily moves through the body by the the extra blood.
During systole,blood enters the Regulation arterys.
the artery walls stretch to accommodate Blood primarily moves through the body by the the extra blood.
During diastole,the artery walls return rhythmic movement of smooth muscle in the vessel to normal.
The blood pressure of the systole phase and wall and by the action of the skeletal muscle as the the diastole phase gives the two pressure readings for body moves.
Blood is prevent from flow backward blood pressure.
Blood travels through the bicuspid valve to a.Blood in the pulmonary vein is the left atrium.
The mitral valve is an atrioventricular c.Blood in the pulmonary artery is valve.
Which of the following statements close properly,allowing blood to flow backward.
Varicose veins are often most prominent on the a.
The mitral valve separates the left legs.
b.defend the body against bacteria and a.They use less metabolic energy.
They help the animal move fast.
c.are also call leucocytes c.
They do not need a heart.
They help large insects develop.
Some animals use diffusion instead of a a.when large megakaryocytes break up into circulatory system.
Examples include:thousands of small fragments a.birds and jellyfish b.
White blood cells:a.can be classified as granulocytes or 10.
mammalian red blood cells because:a.they beat involuntarily a.they are white and have nucleus b.
they are use for weight lifting b.
they do not have nuclei c.
they pulse rhythmically c.
they have nucleus d.
they are striated d.they fight disease 14.
the excitation of cardiac muscle cells at b.Arteries carry blood.
the atrioventricular node followed by the d.Arteries are thin walled and are use for sinoatrial node gas exchange.
High blood pressure would be a result of 12.
the heart is ________.