#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 41—Osmotic Regulation and Excretion
#Auto-extract from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:322

Our bodys'complex systems have develop ways to treat waste and maintain a balanced internal environment.
INTRODUCTION The daily intake recommendation for human water consumption is eight to ten glass of water.
In order to achieve a healthy balance,the human body should excrete the eight to ten glass of water every day.
This occurs via the process of urination,defecation,sweating and,to a small extent,respiration.
The organs and tissues of the human body are soaked in fluids that are maintained at constant temperature,ph,and solute concentration,all crucial elements of homeostasis.
The organs and tissues of the human body are soaked in fluids that are maintained at constant temperature,pH.
The solutes in body fluids are mainly mineral salts and sugars,and osmotic regulation is the process by which the mineral salts and water are kept in balance.
The solutes in body fluids are mainly mineral salts and sugars.
osmotic regulation is the process by which the mineral salts and water are kept in balance.
Osmotic homeostasis is maintained despite the influence of external factors like temperature,diet,and weather conditions.
Osmotic homeostasis is maintained despite the influence of external factors like temperature,diet.
Osmoregulation is the process of maintenance of salt and water balance across membranes within the body'ssodtiggiks,which are composed of water,plus electrolytes and non-electrolytes.
Both electrolytes and non-electrolytes contribute to the osmotic balance.
The body'ssodtiggiks include blood plasma,the cytosol within cells,and interstitial fluid,the fluid that exists in the spaces between cells and tissues of the body.
The body'ssodtiggiks include blood plasma,the cytosol within cells.
The membranes of the body are semi-permeable membranes.
Semi-permeable membranes are permeable to certain types of solutes and water.
Solutions on two sides of a semi-permeable membrane tend to equalize in solute concentration by movement of solutes and/orqubmijruy across the membrane.
Isotonic cells have an equal concentration of solutes inside and outside the cell;this equalizes the osmotic pressure on either side of the cell membrane which is a semi-permeable membrane.
Isotonic cells have an equal concentration of solutes inside and outside the cell.
this equalizes the osmotic pressure on either side of the cell membrane which is a semi-permeable membrane.
In a hypotonic environment,cells tend to swell due to intake of water.
The blood maintains an isotonic environment so that cells neither shrink nor swell.
The body does not exist in isolation.
Because blood plasma is one of the fluid components,osmotic pressures have a direct bearing on blood pressure.
Transport of Electrolytes across Cell Membranes Electrolytes,such as sodium chloride,ionize in water,mean that they dissociate into their component ions.
In water,sodium chloride,dissociates into the sodium ion and the chloride ion.
Electrolytes are lost from the body during urination and perspiration.
For this reason,athletes are encouraged to replace electrolytes and fluids during periods of increase activity and perspiration.
Osmotic pressure is influence by the concentration of solutes in a solution.
It is directly proportional to the number of solute atoms or molecules and not dependent on the size of the solute molecules.
Water can pass through membranes by passive diffusion.
This movement can be accomplished by facilitated diffusion and active transport.
Facilitate diffusion requires protein-base channels for move the solute.
Active transport requires energy in the form of ATP conversion,carrier proteins,or pumps in order to move ions against the concentration gradient.
Active transport requires energy in the form of ATP conversion,carrier proteins.
Concept of Osmolality and Milliequivalent In order to calculate osmotic pressure,it is necessary to understand how solute concentrations are measure.
The unit for measure solutes is the mole.
One mole is defined as the gram molecular weight of the solute.
For example,the molecular weight of sodium chloride is 58.44.
Thus,one mole of sodium chloride weighs 58.44grams.
The molarity of a solution is the number of moles of solute per liter of solution.
The molality of a solution is the number of moles of solute per kilogram of solvent.
If the solvent is water,one kilogram of water is equal to one liter of water.
The unit of milliequivalent takes into consideration the ions present in the solution and the charge on the ions.
Thus,for ions that have a charge of one,one milliequivalent is equal to one millimole.
For ions that have a charge of two,one milliequivalent is equal to 0.5millimoles.
Another unit for the expression of electrolyte concentration is the milliosmole,which is the number of milliequivalents of solute per kilogram of solvent.
Body fluids are usually maintained within the range of 280to 300mosm.
Organisms such as goldfish that can tolerate only a relatively narrow range of salinity are referred to as stenohaline.
About 90percent of all bony fish are restricted to either freshwater or seawater.
They are incapable of osmotic regulation in the opposite environment.
It is possible,however,for a few fishs like salmon to spend part of their life in freshwater and part in seawater.
Organisms like the salmon and molly that can tolerate a relatively wide range of salinity are referred to as euryhaline organisms.
This is possible because some fish have evolve osmoregulatory mechanisms to survive in all kinds of aquatic environments.
In such hypotonic environments,these fish do not drink much water.
Instead,they pass a lot of very dilute urine,and they achieve electrolyte balance by active transport of salts through the gills.
Instead,they pass a lot of very dilute urine.
they achieve electrolyte balance by active transport of salts through the gills.
Their body fluid concentrations conform to changes in seawater concentration.
fishs;however,the blood of sharks contains the organic compounds urea and trimethylamine oxide.
however,the blood of sharks contains the organic compounds urea and trimethylamine oxide.
This does not mean that their electrolyte composition is similar to that of seawater.
They achieve isotonicity with the sea by store large concentrations of urea.
TMAO stabilizes proteins in the presence of high urea levels,prevent the disruption of peptide bonds that would occur in other animals exposed to similar levels of urea.
Sharks are cartilaginous fish with a rectal gland to secrete salt and assist in osmoregulation.
Dialysis Technician Dialysis is a medical process of removing wastes and excess water from the blood by diffusion and ultrafiltration.
This is a vital process to keep patients alive.
In some cases,the patients undergo artificial dialysis until they are eligible for a kidney transplant.
In others who are not candidates for kidney transplants,dialysis is a life-long necessity.
Dialysis technicians typically work in hospitals and clinics.
Their on-the-job dutys,which typically occur under the direct supervision of a register nurse,focus on providing dialysis treatments.
This can include review patient history and current condition,assessing and responding to patient needs before and during treatment,and monitor the dialysis process.
This can include review patient history and current condition,assessing and responding to patient needs before and during treatment.
Treatment may include taking and report a patient'syurzekyum signs and preparing solutions and equipment to ensure accurate and sterile procedures.
Although the kidneys are the major osmoregulatory organ,the skin and lungs also play a role in the process.
The adrenal glands sit on top of each kidney and are also call the suprarenal glands.
Kidneys filter blood and purify it.
Oxygen allows the kidney cells to efficiently manufacture chemical energy in the form of ATP through aerobic respiration.
The outermost layer is a tough connective tissue layer call the renal fascia.
The third and innermost layer is the renal capsule.
Internally,the kidney has three regions—an outer cortex,a medulla in the middle,and the renal pelvis in the region call the hilum of the kidney.
Internally,the kidney has three regions—an outer cortex,a medulla in the middle.
the renal pelvis in the region call the hilum of the kidney.
The hilum is the concave part of the bean-shape where blood vessels and nerves enter and exit the kidney;it is also the point of exit for the ureters.
The hilum is the concave part of the bean-shape where blood vessels and nerves enter and exit the kidney.
it is also the point of exit for the ureters.
The renal cortex is granular due to the presence of nephrons—the functional unit of the kidney.
The medulla consists of multiple pyramidal tissue mass,call the renal pyramids.
The tips of the pyramids,call renal papillae,point toward the renal pelvis.
The renal pelvis leads to the ureter on the outside of the kidney.
On the inside of the kidney,the renal pelvis branchs out into two or three extensions call the major calyxs,which further branch into the minor calyxs.
The ureters are urine-bear tubes that exit the kidney and empty into the urinary bladder.
The renal pyramids are in the medulla.
The cortex covers the capsule.
d.Nephrons are in the renal cortex.
Because the kidney filters blood,its network of blood vessels is an important component of its structure and function.
The renal arterys split into several segmental arterys upon entering the kidneys.
Each segmental artery splits far into several interlobar arterys and enters the renal columns,which supply the renal lobes.
The interlobar arterys split at the junction of the renal cortex and medulla to form the arcuate arterys.
The arcuate "bow shaped"arterys form arcs along the base of the medullary pyramids.
Cortical radiate arterys,as the name suggests,radiate out from the arcuate arterys.
Veins trace the path of the arterys and have similar names,except there are no segmental veins.
Each kidney is made up of over one million nephrons that dot the renal cortex,giving it a granular appearance when section sagittally.
A nephron consists of three parts—a renal corpuscle,a renal tubule,and the associate capillary network,which originates from the cortical radiate arterys.
A nephron consists of three parts—a renal corpuscle,a renal tubule.
The nephron is the functional unit of the kidney.
The glomerulus and convoluted tubules are located in the kidney cortex,while collect ducts are located in the pyramids of the medulla.
The glomerulus and convoluted tubules are located in the kidney cortex.
collect ducts are located in the pyramids of the medulla.
The Bowman'sdilcedfub surrounds the glomerulus.
The loop of Henle is between the proximal and distal convoluted tubules.
Renal Tubule The renal tubule is a long and convoluted structure that emerges from the glomerulus and can be divide into three parts base on function.
The first part is call the proximal convoluted tubule due to its proximity to the glomerulus;it stays in the renal cortex.
The first part is call the proximal convoluted tubule due to its proximity to the glomerulus.
it stays in the renal cortex.
The collect ducts amass contents from multiple nephrons and fuse together as they enter the papillae of the renal medulla.
Capillary Network within the Nephron The capillary network that originates from the renal arterys supplys the nephron with blood that needs to be filter.
Within the glomerulus,the network of capillarys is call the glomerular capillary bed.
Once the efferent arteriole exits the glomerulus,it forms the peritubular capillary network,which surrounds and interacts with parts of the renal tubule.
In cortical nephrons,the peritubular capillary network surrounds the PCT and DCT.
In juxtamedullary nephrons,the peritubular capillary network forms a network around the loop of Henle and is call the vasa recta.
Kidney Function and Physiology Kidneys filter blood in a three-step process.
First,the nephrons filter blood that runs through the capillary network in the glomerulus.
Almost all solutes,except for proteins,are filter out into the glomerulus by a process call glomerular filtration.
Second,the filtrate is collect in the renal tubules.
In the loop of Henle,the filtrate continues to exchange solutes and water with the renal medulla and the peritubular capillary network.
Water is also reabsorbed during this step.
Then,additional solutes and wastes are secrete into the kidney tubules during tubular secretion,which is,in essence,the opposite process to tubular reabsorption.
The collecting ducts collect filtrate coming from the nephrons and fuse in the medullary papillae.
Each part of the nephron performs a different function in filter waste and maintaining homeostatic balance.
The proximal convoluted tubule also adjusts blood ph by selectively secrete ammonia into the filtrate,where it reacts with H+to form NH4+.
The descending loop of Henle is line with cells containing aquaporins that allow water to pass from the filtrate into the interstitial fluid.
In the thin part of the ascending loop of Henle,Na+and Cl-ions diffuse into the interstitial fluid.
In the thick part,these same ions are actively transport into the interstitial fluid.
Because salt but not water is lost,the filtrate becomes more dilute as it travels up the limb.
Glomerular Filtration Glomerular filtration filters out most of the solutes due to high blood pressure and specialized membranes in the afferent arteriole.
The "leaky"connections between the endothelial cells of the glomerular capillary network allow solutes to pass through easily.
All solutes in the glomerular capillarys,except for macromolecules like proteins,pass through by passive diffusion.
Glomerular filtration rate is the volume of glomerular filtrate form per minute by the kidneys.
GFR is regulated by multiple mechanisms and is an important indicator of kidney function.
LINK TO LEARNING To learn more about the vascular system of kidneys,click through this review and the steps of blood flow.
Tubular Reabsorption and Secretion Tubular reabsorption occurs in the PCT part of the renal tubule.
this occurs either by passive or active transport.
Sodium is the most abundant ion and most of it is reabsorbed by active transport and then transport to the peritubular capillarys.
Because Na+is actively transport out of the tubule,water follows it to even out the osmotic pressure.
Water is also independently reabsorbed into the peritubular capillarys due to the presence of aquaporins,or water channels,in the PCT.
Water is also independently reabsorbed into the peritubular capillarys due to the presence of aquaporins.
This occurs due to the low blood pressure and high osmotic pressure in the peritubular capillarys.
However,every solute has a transport maximum and the excess is not reabsorbed.
The descending limb is permeable to water,not solutes.
the opposite is true for the ascending limb.
Additionally,the loop of Henle invades the renal medulla,which is naturally high in salt concentration and tends to absorb water from the renal tubule and concentrate the filtrate.
The vasa recta around it acts as the countercurrent exchanger.
The descending limb is water permeable.
Water flows from the filtrate to the interstitial fluid,so osmolality inside the limb increases as it descends into the renal medulla.
At the bottom,the osmolality is high inside the loop than in the interstitial fluid.
Osmolarity is given in units of milliosmoles per liter.
Loop diuretics are drugs sometimes use to treat hypertension.
These drugs inhibit the reabsorption of Na+and Cl-ions by the ascending limb of the loop of Henle.
A side effect is that they increase urination.
If the body requires additional water,all of it can be reabsorbed at this point.
Excretion of wastes occurs due to lack of reabsorption combined with tubular secretion.
Undesirable products like metabolic wastes,urea,uric acid,and certain drugs,are excrete by tubular secretion.
certain drugs,are excrete by tubular secretion.
Kidneys also maintain an acid-base balance by secrete excess H+ions.
This allows for exchange of chemical messengers between the different cell types.
Together,the macula densa and juxtaglomerular cells form the juxtaglomerular complex.
The JGC is an endocrine structure that secretes the enzyme renin and the hormone erythropoietin.
Blood pressure,blood volume,and changes in electrolyte balance come under the purview of a nephrologist.
changes in electrolyte balance come under the purview of a nephrologist.
Nephrologists usually work with other physicians who refer patients to they or consult with they about specific diagnosis and treatment plans.
Patients are usually referred to a nephrologist for symptoms such as blood or protein in the urine,very high blood pressure,kidney stones,or renal failure.
Patients are usually referred to a nephrologist for symptoms such as blood or protein in the urine,very high blood pressure,kidney stones.
Nephrology is a subspecialty of internal medicine.
To become a nephrologist,medical school is followed by additional training to become certified in internal medicine.
An additional two or more years is spent specifically study kidney disorders and their accompanying effects on the body.
Microorganisms and invertebrate animals use more primitive and simple mechanisms to get rid of their metabolic wastes than the mammalian system of kidney and urinary function.
Contractile Vacuoles in Microorganisms The most fundamental feature of life is the presence of a cell.
In other words,a cell is the simple functional unit of a life.
Bacteria are unicellular,prokaryotic organisms that have some of the least complex life process in place.
The cells of microorganisms like bacteria,protozoa,and fungus are bind by cell membranes and use they to interact with the environment.
fungus are bind by cell membranes and use they to interact with the environment.
Some cells,including some leucocytes in humans,are able to engulf food by endocytosis—the formation of vesicles by involution of the cell membrane within the cells.
The same vesicles are able to interact and exchange metabolites with the intracellular environment.
Contractile vacuoles should not be confused with vacuoles,which store food or water.
Some unicellular organisms,such as the amoeba,ingest food by endocytosis.
The food vesicle fuses with a lysosome,which digests the food.
Waste is excrete by exocytosis.
Planaria are flatworms that live in freshwater.
Their excretory system consists of two tubules connected to a highly branch duct system.
Any valuable metabolites are recovered by reabsorption.
Flame cells are found in flatworms,including parasitic tapeworms and free-live planaria.
They also maintain the organism'slodhurfuckeg balance.
Tubules are connected into branched structures that lead to pores located all along the sides of the body.
The filtrate is secrete through these pores.
Filter fluid containing nitrogenous and other wastes is store in a bladder and then secrete through a pore in the side of the body.
A pair of nephridia is present on each segment of the earthworm.
They are similar to flame cells in that they have a tubule with cilia.
Excretion occurs through a pore call the nephridiopore.
They are more evolved than the flame cells in that they have a system for tubular reabsorption by a capillary network before excretion.
They are usually found in pairs and the number of tubules varies with the species of insect.
they are line with microvilli for reabsorption and maintenance of osmotic balance.
Malpighian tubules work cooperatively with specialized glands in the wall of the rectum.
Na+ions out;water passively follows to form urine.
water passively follows to form urine.
The secretion of ions alters the osmotic pressure which draws water,electrolytes,and nitrogenous waste into the tubules.
The secretion of ions alters the osmotic pressure which draws water,electrolytes.
uric acid is excrete as a thick paste or powder.
Not dissolve wastes in water helps these organisms to conserve water;this is especially important for life in dry environments.
this is especially important for life in dry environments.
Na+and/orK+ions are actively transport into the luman of the tubules.
Water then enters the tubules via osmosis,form urine.
The urine pass through the intestine,and into the rectum.
The urine pass through the intestine.
There,nutrients diffuse back into the hemolymph.
Na+and/orK+ions are pump into the hemolymph,and water follows.
Na+and/orK+ions are pump into the hemolymph.
The concentrated waste is then excrete.
During the catabolism,or breakdown,of nitrogen-containing macromolecules,carbon,hydrogen,and oxygen are extract and store in the form of carbohydrates and fats.
Excess nitrogen is excrete from the body.
Nitrogenous wastes tend to form toxic ammonia,which raises the ph of body fluids.
The formation of ammonia itself requires energy in the form of ATP and large quantitys of water to dilute it out of a biological system.
Animals that live in aquatic environments tend to release ammonia into the water.
Animals that excrete ammonia are said to be ammonotelic.
Terrestrial organisms have evolve other mechanisms to excrete nitrogenous wastes.
The animals must detoxify ammonia by convert it into a relatively nontoxic form such as urea or uric acid.
Mammals,including humans,produce urea,whereas reptiles and many terrestrial invertebrates produce uric acid.
Mammals,including humans,produce urea.
reptiles and many terrestrial invertebrates produce uric acid.
Nitrogenous Waste in Terrestrial Animals:The Urea Cycle The urea cycle is the primary mechanism by which mammals convert ammonia to urea.
Urea is made in the liver and excrete in urine.
The amino acid L-ornithine gets convert into different intermediates before being regenerate at the end of the urea cycle.
Hence,the urea cycle is also referred to as the ornithine cycle.
The enzyme ornithine transcarbamylase catalyzes a key step in the urea cycle and its deficiency can lead to accumulation of toxic levels of ammonia in the body.
The first two reactions occur in the mitochondria and the last three reactions occur in the cytosol.
Urea concentration in the blood,call blood urea nitrogen or BUN,is use as an indicator of kidney function.
Excretion of Nitrogenous Waste The theory of evolution proposes that life start in an aquatic environment.
It is not surprising to see that biochemical pathways like the urea cycle evolve to adapt to a change environment when terrestrial life forms evolve.
Arid conditions probably lead to the evolution of the uric acid pathway as a means of conserving water.
Nitrogenous Waste in Birds and Reptiles:Uric Acid Birds,reptiles,and most terrestrial arthropods convert toxic ammonia to uric acid or the closely related compound guanine instead of urea.
most terrestrial arthropods convert toxic ammonia to uric acid or the closely related compound guanine instead of urea.
Mammals also form some uric acid during breakdown of nucleic acids.
Uric acid is a compound similar to purines found in nucleic acids.
It is water insoluble and tends to form a white paste or powder;it is excrete by birds,insects,and reptiles.
It is water insoluble and tends to form a white paste or powder.
it is excrete by birds,insects,and reptiles.
It is water insoluble and tends to form a white paste or powder;it is excrete by birds,insects.
These include ammonia,urea,and uric acid.
These include ammonia,urea.
EVERYDAY CONNECTION Gout Mammals use uric acid crystals as an antioxidant in their cells.
Food choices that reduce the amount of nitrogenous basis in the diet help reduce the risk of gout.
For example,tea,coffee,and chocolate have purine-like compounds,call xanthines,and should be avoided by people with gout and kidney stones.
chocolate have purine-like compounds,call xanthines.
While the kidneys operate to maintain osmotic balance and blood pressure in the body,they also act in concert with hormones.
Hormones are small molecules that act as messengers within the body.
Epinephrine and Norepinephrine Epinephrine and norepinephrine are synthesize by the adrenal medulla.
They are the flight/fight hormones that are release when the body is under extreme stress.
Kidney function is halted temporarily by epinephrine and norepinephrine.
These hormones function by act directly on the smooth muscles of blood vessels to constrict they.
These hormones go one step far and trigger the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system.
Renin is produce by the granular cells of the afferent and efferent arterioles.
Thus,the kidneys control blood pressure and volume directly.
Renin acts on angiotensinogen,which is made in the liver and converts it to angiotensin I.Angiotensin convert enzyme converts angiotensin I to angiotensin II.
Angiotensin II raises blood pressure by constricting blood vessels.
It also triggers the release of the mineralocorticoid aldosterone from the adrenal cortex,which in turn stimulates the renal tubules to reabsorb more sodium.
Angiotensin II also triggers the release of anti-diuretic hormone from the hypothalamus,lead to water retention in the kidneys.
It acts directly on the nephrons and decreases glomerular filtration rate.
Medically,blood pressure can be control by drugs that inhibit ACE.
The renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system increases blood pressure and volume.
The hormone ANP has antagonistic effects.
Mineralocorticoids Mineralocorticoids are hormones synthesize by the adrenal cortex that affect osmotic balance.
Aldosterone is a mineralocorticoid that regulates sodium levels in the blood.
Almost all of the sodium in the blood is reclaimed by the renal tubules under the influence of aldosterone.
Because sodium is always reabsorbed by active transport and water follows sodium to maintain osmotic balance,aldosterone manages not only sodium levels but also the water levels in body fluids.
In contrast,the aldosterone also stimulates potassium secretion concurrently with sodium reabsorption.
In contrast,absence of aldosterone means that no sodium gets reabsorbed in the renal tubules and all of it gets excrete in the urine.
In addition,the daily dietary potassium load is not secrete and the retention of K+can cause a dangerous increase in plasma K+concentration.
Patients who have Addison'spurpav have a failing adrenal cortex and kajdidnot produce aldosterone.
They lose sodium in their urine constantly,and if the supply is not replenished,the consequences can be fatal.
They lose sodium in their urine constantly.
if the supply is not replenished,the consequences can be fatal.
It is form by the hypothalamus and is store and release from the posterior pituitary.
It acts by insert aquaporins in the collecting ducts and promotes reabsorption of water.
ADH also acts as a vasoconstrictor and increases blood pressure during hemorrhaging.
It is release by cells in the atrium of the heart in response to high blood pressure and in patients with sleep apnea.
ANP affects salt release,and because water passively follows salt to maintain osmotic balance,it also has a diuretic effect.
ANP affects salt release.
because water passively follows salt to maintain osmotic balance,it also has a diuretic effect.
ANP also prevents sodium reabsorption by the renal tubules,decrease water reabsorption and lower blood pressure.
Its actions suppress the actions of aldosterone,ADH,and renin.
Its actions suppress the actions of aldosterone,ADH.
Chapter Summary 41.1Osmoregulation and Osmotic Balance saltwater adapt by being osmoregulators or osmoconformers.
It is the number of Organs solute molecules and not the molecular size that is The kidneys are the main osmoregulatory organs in important in osmosis.
Osmoregulation and osmotic mammalian systems;they function to filter blood and balance are important bodily functions,result in maintain the osmolarity of body fluids at 300mosm.
they function to filter blood and balance are important bodily functions,result in maintain the osmolarity of body fluids at 300mosm.
Not all solutes can pass They are surrounded by three layers and are made up through a semi-permeable membrane.
Osmosis is the internally of three distinct regions—the cortex,medulla,movement of water across the membrane.
the kidneys arise from and merge with the aorta and Facilitated diffusion utilizes protein channels to move inferior vena cava,respectively.
Osmolarity is measure in units of The nephron is the functional unit of the kidney,which milliequivalents or milliosmoles,both of which take actively filters blood and generates urine.
The nephron into consideration the number of solute particles and is made up of the renal corpuscle and renal tubule.
While aquatic animals can easily excrete vessels and the tissue fluid in the kidneys.
Urea is the tubular reabsorption,which occurs in the renal tubules;major byproduct of ammonia metabolism in vertebrate and tubular secretion,which also occurs in the renal animals.
Urea is the tubular reabsorption,which occurs in the renal tubules.
Uric acid is the major byproduct of ammonia tubules.
The simple system is that of Hormonal cues help the kidneys synchronize the contractile vacuoles present in microorganisms.
Hormones like epinephrine,cells and nephridia in worms perform excretory norepinephrine,renin-angiotensin,aldosterone,anti-functions and maintain osmotic balance.
Some insects diuretic hormone,and atrial natriuretic peptide help have evolve Malpighian tubules to excrete wastes and regulate the needs of the body as well as the maintain osmotic balance.
atrial natriuretic peptide help have evolve Malpighian tubules to excrete wastes and regulate the needs of the body as well as the maintain osmotic balance.
The loop of Henle is between the proximal a.The renal pelvis drains into the ureter.
Why do you think b.
When dehydrated human patients need to be 6.
The macula densa is/are:a.present in the renal medulla.
The sodium ion is at the high concentration b.dense tissue present in the outer layer of in:the kidney.
BUN is ________.
The gland located at the top of the kidney is the 14.
Human beings accumulate ________before ________gland.
Renin is made by ________.
the kidneys waste matter and bodily fluids c.
Flame cells are primitive excretory organs found a.epinephrine in ________.
Why is excretion important in order to achieve than the kidneys.
Why are the loop of Henle and vasa recta uric acid.