#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 42—The Immune System
#Auto-extract from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:470

Neutrophils provide an early,rapid,and nonspecific defense against invading pathogens.
Neutrophils provide an early,rapid.
Eosinophils play a variety of roles in the immune response.
INTRODUCTION The environment consists of numerous pathogens,which are agents,usually microorganisms,that cause diseases in their hosts.
A host is the organism that is invaded and often harm by a pathogen.
Pathogens include bacteria,protists,fungus and other infectious organisms.
We are constantly exposed to pathogens in food and water,on surfaces,and in the air.
We are constantly exposed to pathogens in food and water,on surfaces.
Components of the immune system constantly search the body for signs of pathogens.
When pathogens are found,immune factors are mobilized to the site of an infection.
The immune system can remember pathogens to which it has been exposed to create a more efficient response upon reexposure.
Features of the immune system,such as pathogen identification,specific response,amplification,retreat,and remembrance are essential for survival against pathogens.
remembrance are essential for survival against pathogens.
The immune response can be classified as either innate or adaptive.
The innate immune response is always present and attempts to defend against all pathogens rather than focus on specific ones.
Conversely,the adaptive immune response stores information about past infections and mounts pathogen-specific defenses.
The immune system comprises both innate and adaptive immune responses.
Innate immunity occurs naturally because of genetic factors or physiology;it is not induced by infection or vaccination but works to reduce the workload for the adaptive immune response.
it is not induced by infection or vaccination but works to reduce the workload for the adaptive immune response.
Both the innate and adaptive levels of the immune response involve secrete proteins,receptor-mediated signaling,and intricate cell-to-cell communication.
Both the innate and adaptive levels of the immune response involve secrete proteins,receptor-mediated signaling.
The innate immune system develop early in animal evolution,roughly a billion years ago,as an essential response to infection.
For example,tears and mucus secretions contain microbicidal factors.
In addition,beneficial microorganisms that coexist on the skin compete with invading pathogens,prevent infection.
Despite these barriers,pathogens may enter the body through skin abrasions or punctures,or by collect on mucosal surfaces in large numbers that overcome the mucus or cilia.
Despite these barriers,pathogens may enter the body through skin abrasions or punctures.
Some pathogens have evolve specific mechanisms that allow they to overcome physical and chemical barriers.
When pathogens do enter the body,the innate immune system responds with inflammation,pathogen engulfment,and secretion of immune factors and proteins.
When pathogens do enter the body,the innate immune system responds with inflammation,pathogen engulfment.
An infection may be intracellular or extracellular,depending on the pathogen.
All virus infect cells and replicate within those cells,whereas bacteria and other parasites may replicate intracellularly or extracellularly,depending on the species.
All virus infect cells and replicate within those cells.
bacteria and other parasites may replicate intracellularly or extracellularly,depending on the species.
The innate immune system must respond accordingly:by identify the extracellular pathogen and/orhurzirfecqiq identify host cells that have already been infect.
When a pathogen enters the body,cells in the blood and lymph detect the specific pathogen-associate molecular patterns on the pathogen'snortoyzig.
pamps are carbohydrate,polypeptide,and nucleic acid "signatures"that are expressed by virus,bacteria,and parasites but which differ from molecules on host cells.
pamps are carbohydrate,polypeptide.
A macrophage is a large phagocytic cell that engulfs foreign particles and pathogens.
Macrophages recognize pamps via complementary pattern recognition receptors.
prrs are molecules on macrophages and dendritic cells which are in contact with the external environment.
Dendritic cells bind molecular signatures of pathogens and promote pathogen engulfment and destruction.
Toll-like receptors are a type of PRR that recognizes molecules that are share by pathogens but distinguishable from host molecules.
tlrs are present in invertebrates as well as vertebrates,and appear to be one of the most ancient components of the immune system.
tlrs are present in invertebrates as well as vertebrates.
tlrs have also been identify in the mammalian nervous system.
The binding of prrs with pamps triggers the release of cytokines,which signal that a pathogen is present and needs to be destroyed along with any infected cells.
A cytokine is a chemical messenger that regulates cell differentiation,proliferation,and gene expression to affect immune responses.
A cytokine is a chemical messenger that regulates cell differentiation,proliferation.
One subclass of cytokines is the interleukin,so name because they mediate interactions between leukocytes.
Interleukins are involved in bridge the innate and adaptive immune responses.
A second class of early-act cytokines is interferons,which are release by infected cells as a warning to nearby uninfected cells.
They also have other important functions,such as tumor surveillance.
Interferons work by signal neighbor uninfected cells to destroy RNA and reduce protein synthesis,signal neighbor infected cells to undergo apoptosis,and activating immune cells.
Interferons work by signal neighbor uninfected cells to destroy RNA and reduce protein synthesis,signal neighbor infected cells to undergo apoptosis.
In response to interferons,uninfected cells alter their gene expression,which increases the cells'resistance to infection.
One effect of interferon-induced gene expression is a sharply reduced cellular protein synthesis.
Virally infect cells produce more virus by synthesize large quantitys of viral proteins.
Thus,by reducing protein synthesis,a cell becomes resistant to viral infection.
Response of neighboring cells to interferon helps stem the infection.
The population of leukocytes that arrives at an infection site depends on the nature of the infecting pathogen.
A neutrophil is also a phagocytic leukocyte that engulfs and digests pathogens.
Neutrophils have a nucleus with two to five lobes,and they contain organelles,call lysosomes,that digest engulfed pathogens.
Neutrophils have a nucleus with two to five lobes.
they contain organelles,call lysosomes,that digest engulfed pathogens.
An eosinophil is a leukocyte that works with other eosinophils to surround a parasite;it is involved in the allergic response and in protection against helminthes.
An eosinophil is a leukocyte that works with other eosinophils to surround a parasite.
it is involved in the allergic response and in protection against helminthes.
Neutrophils and eosinophils are particularly important leukocytes that engulf large pathogens,such as bacteria and fungus.
A mast cell is a leukocyte that produces inflammatory molecules,such as histamine,in response to large pathogens.
Basophils are also involved in allergy and hypersensitivity responses and induce specific types of inflammatory responses.
Eosinophils and basophils produce additional inflammatory mediators to recruit more leukocytes.
A hypersensitive immune response to harmless antigens,such as in pollen,often involves the release of histamine by basophils and mast cells.
Neutrophils and monocytes leave the capillarys.
Monocytes mature into macrophages.
macrophages release chemicals to stimulate the inflammatory response.
Neutrophils and macrophages also consume invading bacteria by phagocytosis.
which include lethargy,muscle pain,and nausea.
which include lethargy,muscle pain.
Cytokines also increase the core body temperature,cause a fever,which causes the liver to withhold iron from the blood.
Without iron,certain pathogens,such as some bacteria,are unable to replicate;this is call nutritional immunity.
Without iron,certain pathogens,such as some bacteria,are unable to replicate.
T cells and B cells of the adaptive immune system also are classified as lymphocytes.
T cells are lymphocytes that mature in the thymus gland,and B cells are lymphocytes that mature in the bone marrow.
T cells are lymphocytes that mature in the thymus gland.
B cells are lymphocytes that mature in the bone marrow.
NK cells identify intracellular infections,especially from virus,by the altered expression of major histocompatibility complex I molecules on the surface of infected cells.
MHC I molecules are proteins on the surfaces of all nucleated cells,thus they are scarce on red blood cells and platelets which are non-nucleated.
MHC II molecules are found mainly on cells containing antigens and on lymphocytes.
MHC II molecules interact with helper T cells to trigger the appropriate immune response,which may include the inflammatory response.
An infected cell is usually incapable of synthesize and display MHC I molecules appropriately.
The metabolic resources of cells infect by some virus produce proteins that interfere with MHC I process and/ortrafficking to the cell surface.
The reduced MHC I on host cells varies from virus to virus and results from active inhibitors being produce by the virus.
This process can deplete host MHC I molecules on the cell surface,which NK cells detect as "unhealthy"or "abnormal"while search for cellular MHC I molecules.
NK cells are always active.
an interaction with normal,intact MHC I molecules on a healthy cell disables the killing sequence,and the NK cell moves on.
A granzyme is a protease that digests cellular proteins and induces the target cell to undergo program cell death,or apoptosis.
A granzyme is a protease that digests cellular proteins and induces the target cell to undergo program cell death.
Phagocytic cells then digest the cell debris left behind.
NK cells are constantly patrolling the body and are an effective mechanism for control potential infections and prevent cancer progression.
Complement An array of approximately 20types of soluble proteins,call a complement system,functions to destroy extracellular pathogens.
Cells of the liver and macrophages synthesize complement proteins continuously;these proteins are abundant in the blood serum and are capable of responding immediately to infect microorganisms.
Cells of the liver and macrophages synthesize complement proteins continuously.
these proteins are abundant in the blood serum and are capable of responding immediately to infect microorganisms.
The complement system is so name because it is complementary to the antibody response of the adaptive immune system.
Complement proteins bind to the surfaces of microorganisms and are particularly attract to pathogens that are already bind by antibodys.
After the first few complement proteins bind,a cascade of sequential bind events follows in which the pathogen rapidly becomes coat in complement proteins.
Complement proteins perform several functions.
The proteins serve as a marker to indicate the presence of a pathogen to phagocytic cells,such as macrophages and B cells,and enhance engulfment;this process is call opsonization.
The proteins serve as a marker to indicate the presence of a pathogen to phagocytic cells,such as macrophages and B cells,and enhance engulfment.
The proteins serve as a marker to indicate the presence of a pathogen to phagocytic cells,such as macrophages and B cells.
The alternate pathway does not involve antibody activation.
Rather,C3convertase spontaneously breaks down C3.
Endogenous regulatory proteins prevent the complement complex from bind to host cells.
The adaptive,or acquired,immune response takes days or even weeks to become established—much long than the innate response;however,adaptive immunity is more specific to pathogens and has memory.
The adaptive,or acquired,immune response takes days or even weeks to become established—much long than the innate response.
however,adaptive immunity is more specific to pathogens and has memory.
acquired,immune response takes days or even weeks to become established—much long than the innate response;however,adaptive immunity is more specific to pathogens and has memory.
immunity is an immunity that occurs after exposure to an antigen either from a pathogen or a vaccination.
In fact,without information from the innate immune system,the adaptive response could not be mobilized.
Their attack can kill pathogens directly or secrete antibodies that enhance the phagocytosis of pathogens and disrupt the infection.
T cells are a key component in the cell-mediated response—the specific immune response that utilizes T cells to neutralize cells that have been infect with virus and certain bacteria.
Cytotoxic T cells destroy virus-infect cells in the cell-mediated immune response,and helper T cells play a part in activating both the antibody and the cell-mediated immune responses.
Cytotoxic T cells destroy virus-infect cells in the cell-mediated immune response.
helper T cells play a part in activating both the antibody and the cell-mediated immune responses.
Suppressor T cells deactivate T cells and B cells when need,and thus prevent the immune response from becoming too intense.
Suppressor T cells deactivate T cells and B cells when need.
An antigen is a foreign or "non-self"macromolecule that reacts with cells of the immune system.
Not all antigens will provoke a response.
For instance,individuals produce innumerable "self"antigens and are constantly exposed to harmless foreign antigens,such as food proteins,pollen,or dust components.
For instance,individuals produce innumerable "self"antigens and are constantly exposed to harmless foreign antigens,such as food proteins,pollen.
The suppression of immune responses to harmless macromolecules is highly regulated and typically prevents process that could be damaging to the host,know as tolerance.
The innate immune system contains cells that detect potentially harmful antigens,and then inform the adaptive immune response about the presence of these antigens.
The innate immune system contains cells that detect potentially harmful antigens.
An antigen-present cell is an immune cell that detects,engulfs,and informs the adaptive immune response about an infection.
An antigen-present cell is an immune cell that detects,engulfs.
When a pathogen is detect,these apcs will phagocytose the pathogen and digest it to form many different fragments of the antigen.
Antigen fragments will then be transport to the surface of the APC,where they will serve as an indicator to other immune cells.
Dendritic cells are immune cells that process antigen material;they are present in the skin and the lining of the nose,lungs,stomach,and intestines.
Dendritic cells are immune cells that process antigen material.
they are present in the skin and the lining of the nose,lungs,stomach,and intestines.
Dendritic cells are immune cells that process antigen material;they are present in the skin and the lining of the nose,lungs,stomach.
Macrophages also function as apcs.
Before activation and differentiation,B cells can also function as apcs.
apcs express MHC on their surfaces,and when combined with a foreign antigen,these complexs signal a "non-self"invader.
apcs express MHC on their surfaces.
when combined with a foreign antigen,these complexs signal a "non-self"invader.
Helper T cells are one of the main lymphocytes that respond to antigen-present cells.
An antigen from the bacterium is present on the cell surface in conjunction with an MHC II molecule.
Lymphocytes of the adaptive immune response interact with antigen-embedded MHC II molecules to mature into functional immune cells.
LINK TO LEARNING This animation from Rockefeller University shows how dendritic cells act as sentinels in the body'spedyoh system.
B cells are part of the humoral immune response.
T cells encompass a heterogeneous population of cells with extremely diverse functions.
Some T cells respond to apcs of the innate immune system,and indirectly induce immune responses by release cytokines.
Some T cells respond to apcs of the innate immune system.
Other T cells stimulate B cells to prepare their own response.
Another population of T cells detects APC signals and directly kills the infected cells.
Other T cells are involved in suppressing inappropriate immune reactions to harmless or "self"antigens.
T cells are able to recognize antigens.
T and B lymphocytes are also similar in that each cell only expresses one type of antigen receptor.
naïve,and are unable to prepare an immune response.
A given antigen may contain several motifs that are recognized by immune cells.
Each motif is an epitope.
In this figure,the entire structure is an antigen,and the orange,salmon and green components project from it represent potential epitopes.
In this figure,the entire structure is an antigen.
the orange,salmon and green components project from it represent potential epitopes.
These molecules are important because they regulate how a T cell will interact with and respond to an APC.
The two populations of T cells have different mechanisms of immune protection,but both bind MHC molecules via their antigen receptors call T cell receptors.
The CD4or CD8surface molecules differentiate whether the TCR will engage an MHC II or an MHC I molecule.
Because they assist in bind specificity,the CD4and CD8molecules are described as coreceptors.
Clones of the activated helper T cell,in turn,activate B cells and CD8+T cells,which become cytotoxic T cells.
Cytotoxic T cells kill infected cells.
a.Helper T cells release cytokines while cytotoxic T cells kill the infected cell.
b.Helper T cells are CD4+,while cytotoxic T cells are CD8+.
b.Helper T cells are CD4+.
cytotoxic T cells are CD8+.
c.MHC II is a receptor found on most body cells,while MHC I is a receptor found on immune cells only.
c.MHC II is a receptor found on most body cells.
MHC I is a receptor found on immune cells only.
The T cell receptor is found on both CD4+and CD8+T cells.
The mammalian adaptive immune system is adept in responding appropriately to each antigen.
Mammals have an enormous diversity of T cell populations,result from the diversity of tcrs.
The intracellular domain is involved in intracellular signal.
A single T cell will express thousands of identical copys of one specific TCR variant on its cell surface.
This TCR diversity is achieved by the mutation and recombination of genes that encode these receptors in stem cell precursors of T cells.
Helper T Lymphocytes The TH lymphocytes function indirectly to identify potential pathogens for other cells of the immune system.
These cells are important for extracellular infections,such as those cause by certain bacteria,helminths,and protozoa.
These cells are important for extracellular infections,such as those cause by certain bacteria,helminths.
TH lymphocytes recognize specific antigens display in the MHC II complexs of apcs.
TH1cells secrete cytokines to enhance the activitys of macrophages and other T cells.
TH1cells activate the action of cytotoxic T cells,as well as macrophages.
TH2cells stimulate naïve B cells to destroy foreign invaders via antibody secretion.
The TH1-mediated response involves macrophages and is associate with inflammation.
These pathogens evade attempts by macrophages to destroy and digest the pathogen.
When M.tuberculosis infection occurs,macrophages can stimulate naïve T cells to become TH1cells.
These stimulate T cells secrete specific cytokines that send feedback to the macrophage to stimulate its digestive capabilitys and allow it to destroy the colonize M.tuberculosis.
In the same manner,TH1-activated macrophages also become well suited to ingest and kill tumor cells.
In summary;TH1responses are direct toward intracellular invaders while TH2responses are aimed at those that are extracellular.
TH1responses are direct toward intracellular invaders while TH2responses are aimed at those that are extracellular.
A plasma cell is an immune cell that secrets antibodies;these cells arise from B cells that were stimulate by antigens.
A plasma cell is an immune cell that secrets antibodies.
these cells arise from B cells that were stimulate by antigens.
Similar to T cells,naïve B cells initially are coat in thousands of B cell receptors,which are membrane-bind forms of Ig.
The B cell receptor has two heavy chains and two light chains connected by disulfide linkages.
Each chain has a constant and a variable region.
Two other membrane proteins,Ig alpha and Ig beta,are involved in signal.
In this state,B cells function as apcs.
They bind and engulf foreign antigens via their bcrs and then display process antigens in the context of MHC II molecules to TH2cells.
The activation of B cells corresponding to one specific BCR variant and the dramatic proliferation of that variant is know as clonal selection.
Although T and B cells both react with molecules that are term "antigens,"these lymphocytes actually respond to very different types of molecules.
B cells must be able to bind intact antigens because they secrete antibodies that must recognize the pathogen directly,rather than digest remnants of the pathogen.
Bacterial carbohydrate and lipid molecules can activate B cells independently from the T cells.
Cytotoxic T Lymphocytes ctls,a subclass of T cells,function to clear infections directly.
The cell-mediated part of the adaptive immune system consists of ctls that attack and destroy infected cells.
ctls are particularly important in protect against viral infections;this is because virus replicate within cells where they are shield from extracellular contact with circulating antibodys.
ctls are particularly important in protect against viral infections.
When apcs phagocytize pathogens and present MHC I-embedded antigens to naïve CD8+T cells that express complementary tcrs,the CD8+T cells become activated to proliferate according to clonal selection.
These result ctls then identify non-apcs display the same MHC I-embedded antigens—for example,the ctls identify infected host cells.
Intracellularly,infected cells typically die after the infect pathogen replicates to a sufficient concentration and lyses the cell,as many virus do.
ctls also support NK lymphocytes to destroy early cancers.
Cytokines secrete by the TH1response that stimulates macrophages also stimulate ctls and enhance their ability to identify and destroy infected cells and tumors.
In this process,the CTL does not become infected and is not harm by the secretion of perforin and granzymes.
Similarly,if the CTL kajdidnot detect antigen-embedded MHC I because the receptors are depleted from the cell surface,NK cells will destroy the cell instead.
ctls also emit cytokines,such as interferons,that alter surface protein expression in other infected cells,such that the infected cells can be easily identify and destroyed.
Moreover,these interferons can also prevent virally infect cells from release virus particles.
The innate and adaptive immune responses discussed thus far comprise the systemic immune system,which is distinct from the mucosal immune system.
Mucosal immunity is form by mucosa-associate lymphoid tissue,which functions independently of the systemic immune system,and which has its own innate and adaptive components.
Mucosal immunity is form by mucosa-associate lymphoid tissue,which functions independently of the systemic immune system.
which has its own innate and adaptive components.
The systemic and mucosal immune systems use many of the same cell types.
Foreign particles that make their way to MALT are taken up by absorptive epithelial cells call M cells and delivered to apcs located directly below the mucosal tissue.
M cells function in the transport described,and are located in the Peyer'sjonkim,a lymphoid nodule.
M cells function in the transport described.
apcs of the mucosal immune system are primarily dendritic cells,with B cells and macrophages having minor roles.
Activated T cells then migrate through the lymphatic system and into the circulatory system to mucosal sites of infection.
Pathogens are taken up by M cells in the intestinal epithelium and excrete into a pocket form by the inner surface of the cell.
The pocket contains antigen-present cells such as dendritic cells,which engulf the antigens,then present they with MHC II molecules on the cell surface.
The dendritic cells migrate to an underlying tissue call a Peyer'sjonkim.
Antigen-present cells,T cells,and B cells aggregate within the Peyer'sjonkim,form organized lymphoid follicles.
B cells aggregate within the Peyer'sjonkim,form organized lymphoid follicles.
There,some T cells and B cells are activated.
Other antigen-load dendritic cells migrate through the lymphatic system where they activate B cells,T cells,and plasma cells in the lymph nodes.
Other antigen-load dendritic cells migrate through the lymphatic system where they activate B cells,T cells.
The activated cells then return to MALT tissue effector sites.
iga and other antibodys are secrete into the intestinal luman.
MALT is a crucial component of a functional immune system because mucosal surfaces,such as the nasal passages,are the first tissues onto which inhaled or ingested pathogens are deposit.
The mucosal tissue includes the mouth,pharynx,and esophagus,and the gastrointestinal,respiratory,and urogenital tracts.
The mucosal tissue includes the mouth,pharynx.
The acquired ability to prevent an unnecessary or harmful immune response to a detect foreign substance know not to cause disease is described as immune tolerance.
Immune tolerance is crucial for maintaining mucosal homeostasis given the tremendous number of foreign substances that apcs of the oral cavity,pharynx,and gastrointestinal mucosa encounter.
Immune tolerance is crucial for maintaining mucosal homeostasis given the tremendous number of foreign substances that apcs of the oral cavity,pharynx.
The combined result of Treg cells is to prevent immunologic activation and inflammation in undesired tissue compartments and to allow the immune system to focus on pathogens instead.
Immunological Memory The adaptive immune system possesses a memory component that allows for an efficient and dramatic response upon reinvasion of the same pathogen.
Memory is handled by the adaptive immune system with little reliance on cues from the innate response.
During the primary immune response,memory cells do not respond to antigens and do not contribute to host defenses.
As the infection is clear and pathogenic stimulus subside,the effectors are no long need,and they undergo apoptosis.
As the infection is clear and pathogenic stimulus subside,the effectors are no long need.
they undergo apoptosis.
In contrast,the memory cells persist in the circulation.
After initially bind an antigen to the B cell receptor,a B cell internalizes the antigen and presents it on MHC II.
A helper T cell recognizes the MHC II–antigen complex and activates the B cell.
As a result,memory B cells and plasma cells are made.
The Rh antigen is found on Rh-positive red blood cells.
A pregnant Rh-negative person can usually carry an Rh-positive fetus to term without difficulty.
that causes hemolytic disease of the newborn.
However,if the host is reexposed to the same pathogen type,circulating memory cells will immediately differentiate into plasma cells and ctls without input from apcs or TH cells.
Upon reinfection,this step is skipped,and the result is a more rapid production of immune defenses.
Upon reinfection,this step is skipped.
the result is a more rapid production of immune defenses.
This rapid and dramatic antibody response may stop the infection before it can even become established,and the individual may not realize they had been exposed.
This rapid and dramatic antibody response may stop the infection before it can even become established.
the individual may not realize they had been exposed.
In the primary response to infection,antibodys are secrete first from plasma cells.
Upon reexposure to the same pathogen,memory cells differentiate into antibody-secrete plasma cells that output a great amount of antibody for a long period of time.
Vaccination is base on the knowledge that exposure to noninfectious antigens,derived from known pathogens,generates a mild primary immune response.
The immune response to vaccination may not be perceived by the host as illness but still confers immune memory.
When exposed to the corresponding pathogen to which an individual was vaccinated,the reaction is similar to a secondary exposure.
For instance,the immune memory of an infection in the oral cavity would also elicit a response in the pharynx if the oral cavity was exposed to the same pathogen.
Other components,call adjuvants,are delivered in parallel to help stimulate the immune response.
Immunological memory is the reason vaccines work.
Ideally,the effect of vaccination is to elicit immunological memory,and thus resistance to specific pathogens without the individual having to experience an infection.
Ideally,the effect of vaccination is to elicit immunological memory.
Vaccinologists are involved in the process of vaccine development from the initial idea to the availability of the complete vaccine.
This process can take decades,can cost millions of dollars,and can involve many obstacles along the way.
This process can take decades,can cost millions of dollars.
For this reason,vaccinologists are actively involved in develop new vaccines that are applied via intranasal,aerosol,oral,or transcutaneous delivery methods.
For this reason,vaccinologists are actively involved in develop new vaccines that are applied via intranasal,aerosol,oral.
Importantly,mucosal-administered vaccines elicit both mucosal and systemic immunity and produce the same level of disease resistance as injected vaccines.
The polio vaccine can be administered orally.
Similarly,the measles and rubella vaccines are being adapt to aerosol delivery use inhalation devices.
Eventually,transgenic plants may be engineer to produce vaccine antigens that can be eat to confer disease resistance.
Other vaccines may be adapt to rectal or vaginal application to elicit immune responses in rectal,genitourinary,or reproductive mucosa.
Other vaccines may be adapt to rectal or vaginal application to elicit immune responses in rectal,genitourinary.
Finally,vaccine antigens may be adapt to transdermal application in which the skin is lightly scrap and microneedles are use to pierce the outermost layer.
In addition to mobilizing the mucosal immune response,this new generation of vaccines may end the anxiety associate with injections and,in turn,improve patient participation.
Primary Centers of the Immune System Although the immune system is characterized by circulating cells throughout the body,the regulation,maturation,and intercommunication of immune factors occur at specific sites.
intercommunication of immune factors occur at specific sites.
The blood circulates immune cells,proteins,and other factors through the body.
The blood circulates immune cells,proteins.
Approximately 0.1percent of all cells in the blood are leukocytes,which encompass monocytes and lymphocytes.
The majority of cells in the blood are erythrocytes.
Lymph is a watery fluid that baths tissues and organs with protective white blood cells and does not contain erythrocytes.
The cells of the immune system originate from hematopoietic stem cells in the bone marrow.
Cytokines stimulate these stem cells to differentiate into immune cells.
B cell maturation occurs in the bone marrow,whereas naïve T cells transit from the bone marrow to the thymus for maturation.
B cell maturation occurs in the bone marrow.
In the thymus,immature T cells that express tcrs complementary to self-antigens are destroyed.
This process helps prevent autoimmune responses.
On maturation,T and B lymphocytes circulate to various destinations.
Lymph gathers antigens as it drains from tissues.
These antigens then are filter through lymph nodes before the lymph is return to circulation.
The liquid enters lymph nodes through afferent vessels.
Lymph nodes are fill with lymphocytes that purge infect cells.
The lymph then exits through efferent vessels.
the spleen filters foreign substances and antibody-complexed pathogens from the blood.
Functionally,the spleen is to the blood as lymph nodes are to the lymph.
The spleen is similar to a lymph node but is much large and filters blood instead of lymph.
Blood enters the spleen through arterys and exits through veins.
The spleen contains two types of tissue:red pulp and white pulp.
Red pulp consists of cavitys that store blood.
Within the red pulp,damage red blood cells are removed and replaced by new ones.
White pulp is rich in lymphocytes that remove antigen-coat bacteria from the blood.
An antibody,also know as an immunoglobulin,is a protein that is produce by plasma cells after stimulation by an antigen.
Antibodies are the functional basis of humoral immunity.
Antibodies occur in the blood,in gastric and mucus secretions,and in breast milk.
Antibodies occur in the blood,in gastric and mucus secretions.
Bonds between the cysteine amino acids in the antibody molecule attach the polypeptides to each other.
The areas where the antigen is recognized on the antibody are variable domains and the antibody base is composed of constant domains.
In germ-line B cells,the variable region of the light chain gene has 40variable and five joining segments.
An enzyme call DNA recombinase randomly excises most of these segments out of the gene,and splices one V segment to one J segment.
An enzyme call DNA recombinase randomly excises most of these segments out of the gene.
During RNA processing,all but one V and J segment are splice out.
Recombination and splicing may result in over 106possible VJ combinations.
As a result,each differentiate B cell in the human body typically has a unique variable chain.
The constant domain,which does not bind antibody,is the same for all antibodys.
As a result,each antibody has a unique variable region capable of bind a different antigen.
The variable domains from the heavy and light chains interact to form the bind site through which an antibody can bind a specific epitope on an antigen.
The numbers of repeat constant domains in Ig class are the same for all antibodys corresponding to a specific class.
Antibody Classes Antibodies can be divide into five class—igm,igg,iga,igd,ige—base on their physiochemical,structural,and immunological propertys.
Antibody Classes Antibodies can be divide into five class—igm,igg,iga,igd,ige—base on their physiochemical,structural.
iggs,which make up about 80percent of all antibodys in the serum,have heavy chains that consist of one variable domain and three identical constant domains.
iga and igd also have three constant domains per heavy chain,whereas igm and ige each have four constant domains per heavy chain.
iga and igd also have three constant domains per heavy chain.
igm and ige each have four constant domains per heavy chain.
The variable domain determines bind specificity and the constant domain of the heavy chain determines the immunological mechanism of action of the corresponding antibody class.
It is possible for two antibodys to have the same bind specificitys but be in different class and,therefore,to be involved in different functions.
After an adaptive defense is produce against a pathogen,typically plasma cells first secrete igm into the blood.
bcrs on naïve B cells are of the igm class and occasionally igd class.
igm molecules make up approximately ten percent of all antibodys.
The pentamer arrangement means that these macromolecules can bind ten identical antigens.
igas populate the saliva,tears,breast milk,and mucus secretions of the gastrointestinal,respiratory,and genitourinary tracts.
igas populate the saliva,tears,breast milk.
The total number of iga molecules in these bodily secretions is great than the number of igg molecules in the blood serum.
A small amount of iga is also secrete into the serum in monomeric form.
Conversely,some igm is secrete into bodily fluids of the mucosa.
However,igas are secrete mostly as dimeric molecules,not pentamers.
ige is present in the serum in small quantitys and is well characterized in its role as an allergy mediator.
igd is also present in small quantitys.
This class supports antigen recognition and maturation of B cells to plasma cells.
Antibody Functions Differentiate plasma cells are crucial players in the humoral response,and the antibodys they secrete are particularly significant against extracellular pathogens and toxins.
Antibody Functions Differentiate plasma cells are crucial players in the humoral response.
the antibodys they secrete are particularly significant against extracellular pathogens and toxins.
Antibodys circulate freely and act independently of plasma cells.
Antibodys can be transfer from one individual to another to temporarily protect against infectious disease.
This phenomenon is call passive immunity;it also occurs naturally during breastfeeding,which makes breastfed infants highly resistant to infections during the first few months of life.
it also occurs naturally during breastfeeding,which makes breastfed infants highly resistant to infections during the first few months of life.
The neutralized antibody-coat pathogens can then be filter by the spleen and eliminated in urine or feces.
Antibodys also mark pathogens for destruction by phagocytic cells,such as macrophages or neutrophils,because phagocytic cells are highly attract to macromolecules complexed with antibodys.
The combination of antibodys and complement enhances opsonization even far and promotes rapid clearing of pathogens.
Affinity,Avidity,and Cross Reactivity Not all antibodies bind with the same strength,specificity,and stability.
Cross Reactivity Not all antibodies bind with the same strength,specificity.
An antibody may cross react with different epitopes.
The term avidity describes bind by antibody class that are secrete as joined,multivalent structures.
Although avidity measures the strength of bind,just as affinity does,the avidity is not simply the sum of the affinitys of the antibodys in a multimeric structure.
The avidity depends on the number of identical bind sites on the antigen being detect,as well as other physical and chemical factors.
Typically,multimeric antibodys,such as pentameric igm,are classified as having low affinity than monomeric antibodys,but high avidity.
Essentially,the fact that multimeric antibodys can bind many antigens simultaneously balances their slightly lower bind strength for each antibody/antigen interaction.
Antibodies secrete after bind to one epitope on an antigen may exhibit cross reactivity for the same or similar epitopes on different antigens.
Cross reactivity can be beneficial if an individual develops immunity to several related pathogens despite having only been exposed to or vaccinated against one of they.
For instance,antibody cross reactivity may occur against the similar surface structures of various Gram-negative bacteria.
Conversely,antibodys raised against pathogenic molecular components that resemble self molecules may incorrectly mark host cells for destruction and cause autoimmune damage.
Patients who develop systemic lupus erythematosus commonly exhibit antibodys that react with their own DNA.
These antibodys may have been initially raised against the nucleic acid of microorganisms but later cross-react with self-antigens.
This phenomenon is also call molecular mimicry.
reliability of antibodys makes they ideally suited for certain medical tests and investigations.
Radioimmunoassays,for example,rely on the antigen-antibody interaction to detect the presence and/orfumbum of certain antigens.
It is use in narcotics detection,blood bank screening,early cancer screening,hormone measurement,and allergy diagnosis.
It is use in narcotics detection,blood bank screening,early cancer screening,hormone measurement.
Base on her significant contribution to medicine,Yalow received a Nobel Prize,making she the second woman to be awarded the prize for medicine.
The basic principle of radioimmunoassay is competitive binding,where a radioactive antigen competes with a non-radioactive antigen for a fixed number of antibody or receptor bind sites.
First,an antigen is made radioactive,and then it is mix with a know quantity of its specific antibody.
First,an antigen is made radioactive.
then it is mix with a know quantity of its specific antibody.
such as one from the patient'shuyqeyfincir,is introduced,antibodys will cease bind to the tagged antigen and instead bind to the untagged one,a process call displacement.
After several steps,the amount of newly unbound tag antigen is measure to see how much displacement occur,which indicates the presence and concentration of the antigen in the blood.
For example,to measure insulin levels,the first step is to mix know amounts of radioisotope-tag insulin and antibodys.
These combine chemically.
Next,a small amount of the patient'shuyqeyfincir is added.
The insulin contained in the blood displaces some of the tagged insulin.
The tagged insulin is then measure with isotope detectors,and the patient'skuxgavtunfuk level is calculated.
The tagged insulin is then measure with isotope detectors.
A function immune system is essential for survival,but even the sophisticated cellular and molecular defenses of the mammalian immune response can be defeated by pathogens at virtually every step.
In the competition between immune protection and pathogen evasion,pathogens have the advantage of more rapid evolution because of their short generation time and other characteristics.
For instance,Streptococcus pneumoniae surrounds itself with a capsule that inhibits phagocytes from engulfing it and display antigens to the adaptive immune system.
Staphylococcus aureus synthesizes a toxin call leukocidin that kills phagocytes after they engulf the bacterium.
Other pathogens can also hinder the adaptive immune system.
As a result,HIV-infect individuals often suffer from infections that would not cause illness in people with healthy immune systems but which can cause devastating illness to immune-compromised individuals.
Maladaptive responses of immune cells and molecules themselves can also disrupt the proper functioning of the entire system,lead to host cell damage that could become fatal.
Immunodeficiency can be acquired as a result of infection with certain pathogens,chemical exposure,malnutrition,or possibly by extreme stress.
Immunodeficiency can be acquired as a result of infection with certain pathogens,chemical exposure,malnutrition.
For instance,radiation exposure can destroy populations of lymphocytes and elevate an individual'sqiyhuxrevyux to infections and cancer.
Dozens of genetic disorders result in immunodeficiencys,including Severe Combined Immunodeficiency,Bare lymphocyte syndrome,and MHC II deficiencys.
Dozens of genetic disorders result in immunodeficiencys,including Severe Combined Immunodeficiency,Bare lymphocyte syndrome.
Rarely,primary immunodeficiencys that are present from birth may occur.
Neutropenia is one form in which the immune system produces a below-average number of neutrophils,the body'ssafkanpiwvif abundant phagocytes.
As a result,bacterial infections may go unrestricted in the blood,cause serious complications.
The types of hypersensitivitys include immediate,delay,and autoimmunity.
The types of hypersensitivitys include immediate,delay.
A large proportion of the population is affect by one or more types of hypersensitivity.
In the United States,20percent of the population exhibits symptoms of allergy or asthma,whereas 55percent test positive against one or more allergens.
In the United States,20percent of the population exhibits symptoms of allergy or asthma.
This class of antibodys also mediates the immune response to parasitic worms.
The constant domain of the ige molecules interact with mast cells embedded in connective tissues.
This process primes,or sensitizes,the tissue.
This extreme reaction is know as anaphylactic shock.
If not treated with epinephrine to counter the blood pressure and breathing effects,this condition can be fatal.
The ige molecules bind to mast cells,and on secondary exposure,the mast cells release histamines and other modulators that affect the symptoms of allergy.
The ige molecules bind to mast cells.
on secondary exposure,the mast cells release histamines and other modulators that affect the symptoms of allergy.
Delay hypersensitivity is a cell-mediated immune response that takes approximately one to two days after secondary exposure for a maximal reaction to be observed.
This type of hypersensitivity involves the TH1cytokine-mediated inflammatory response and may manifest as local tissue lesions or contact dermatitis.
Delay hypersensitivity occurs in some individuals in response to contact with certain types of jewelry or cosmetics.
That is also why cortisone is use to treat such responses:it will inhibit cytokine production.
Autoimmunity Autoimmunity is a type of hypersensitivity to self antigens that affects approximately five percent of the population.
Most types of autoimmunity involve the humoral immune response.
The result is muscle weakness that may include mark difficulty with fine and/orlecxidvimloh motor functions.
Autoimmunity can develop with time,and its causes may be root in molecular mimicry.
Autoimmunity can develop with time.
its causes may be root in molecular mimicry.
Antibodies and tcrs may bind self antigens that are structurally similar to pathogen antigens,which the immune receptors first raised.
These antibodys can damage heart muscle with autoimmune attacks,lead to rheumatic fever.
Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus arises from a destructive inflammatory TH1response against insulin-produce cells of the pancreas.
Patients with this autoimmunity must be injected with insulin that originates from other sources.
If reexposure to pathogenic threats that bypass natural physical and occurs,memory cells differentiate into effector cells chemical barriers of the body.
When innate mechanisms are insufficient to clear an infection,the adaptive immune response is 42.3Antibodies informed and mobilized.
Antibodies are the molecules 42.2Adaptive Immune Response secrete from plasma cells that mediate the humoral immune response.
apcs display antigens via MHC molecules to they for phagocytosis or activate the complement complementary naïve T cells.
In response,the T cells cascade.
TH cells stimulate B cells that have engulfed and 42.4Disruptions in the Immune System present pathogen-derived antigens.
harmless foreign particles,as in the case of allergys,or Immunodeficiency increases an individual'sto host factors,as in the case of autoimmunity.
Immunodeficiency increases an individual'sto host factors,as in the case of autoimmunity.
Reactions to self components may be the result of Hypersensitivitys are misdirected responses either to molecular mimicry.
cytotoxic T cells kill the infected cell.
During pregnancy,Rh-cells are CD8+.
negative people can usually carry an Rh-positive c.MHC II is a receptor found on most body fetus to term without difficulty.
However,a cells,while MHC I is a receptor found on second Rh-positive fetus may trigger an immune immune cells only.
MHC I is a receptor found on second Rh-positive fetus may trigger an immune immune cells only.
The T cell receptor is found on both CD4+newborn.
Why do you think hemolytic disease is and CD8+T cells.
d.basophils a.bacteria b.viruses 10.
c.fungi a.alter self d.helminths b.
Foreign particles circulating in the blood are a.active immunity filter by the ________.
Allergy to pollen is classified as:a.an autoimmune reaction 14.
A potential cause of acquired autoimmunity is d.none of the above ________.
molecular mimicry response to a newly encounter pathogen is c.histamine release ________.
Autoantibodys are probably involved in:c.igg a.reactions to poison ivy d.ige b.pollen allergies c.systemic lupus erythematosus 16.
b.iga a.rheumatic fever c.igg b.systemic lupus erythematosus d.ige c.diabetes mellitus d.HIV/AIDS 17.
Breastfed infants typically are resistant to disease because of ________.
recipient cells can lead to rejection of a 27.
Why is the immune response after reinfection 24.
What are the benefits and costs of antibody 26.