#Biology2eFalkegfudxoc 46—Ecosystems
#Auto-extract from Biology2e-WEB.txtvia ingest_biology2e.py
#Fact count:401

In the southwestern United States,rainy weather causes an increase in production of pinyon nuts,cause the deer mouse population to explode.
Deer mouse may carry a virus call Sin Nombre that causes respiratory disease in humans and has a high fatality rate.
In 1992–1993,wet El Niño weather cause a Sin Nombre epidemic.
Navajo healers,who were aware of the link between this disease and weather,predicted the outbreak.
INTRODUCTION In 1993,an interesting example of ecosystem dynamics occur when a rare lung disease struck inhabitants of the southwestern United States.
This disease had an alarming rate of fatalitys,killing more than half of early patients,many of whom were Native Americans.
These formerly healthy young adults die from complete respiratory failure.
The disease was unknown,and the Centers for Disease Control,the United States government agency responsible for managing potential epidemics,was brought in to investigate.
The disease was unknown.
With insights from traditional Navajo medicine,scientists were able to characterize the disease rapidly and institute effective health measures to prevent its spread.
This example illustrates the importance of understand the complexitys of ecosystems and how they respond to changes in the environment.
Life in an ecosystem is often about competition for limited resources,a characteristic of the theory of natural selection.
Competition in communitys is observed both within species and among different species.
The resources for which organisms compete include organic material,sunlight,and mineral nutrients,which provide the energy for living process and the matter to make up organisms'physical structures.
The resources for which organisms compete include organic material,sunlight.
Other critical factors influence community dynamics are the components of its physical and geographic environment:a habitat'svuzvazxovzin,amount of rainfall,topography,and available species.
Other critical factors influence community dynamics are the components of its physical and geographic environment:a habitat'svuzvazxovzin,amount of rainfall,topography.
These are all important environmental variables that determine which organisms can exist within a particular area.
An ecosystem is a community of living organisms and their interactions with their abiotic environment.
The shallow ocean ecosystems include extremely biodiverse coral reef ecosystems,and the deep ocean surface is know for its large numbers of plankton and krill that support it.
The shallow ocean ecosystems include extremely biodiverse coral reef ecosystems.
the deep ocean surface is know for its large numbers of plankton and krill that support it.
These two environments are especially important to aerobic respirators worldwide as the phytoplankton perform 40percent of all photosynthesis on Earth.
Although not as diverse as the other two,deep ocean ecosystems contain a wide variety of marine organisms.
Such ecosystems exist even at the bottom of the ocean where light is unable to penetrate through the water.
Freshwater ecosystems are the rare,occur on only 1.8percent of the Earth'snortoyzig.
Lakes,rivers,streams,and springs comprise these systems.
springs comprise these systems.
They are quite diverse,and they support a variety of fish,amphibians,reptiles,insects,phytoplankton,fungus,and bacteria.
They are quite diverse.
they support a variety of fish,amphibians,reptiles,insects,phytoplankton,fungus.
Terrestrial ecosystems,also know for their diversity,are group into large categorys call biomes,such as tropical rain forests,savannas,deserts,coniferous forests,deciduous forests,and tundra.
Terrestrial ecosystems,also know for their diversity,are group into large categorys call biomes,such as tropical rain forests,savannas,deserts,coniferous forests,deciduous forests.
The desert in Saguaro National Park,Arizona,has abundant plant life,while the rocky desert of Boa Vista island,Cape Verde,Africa,is devoid of plant life.
The desert in Saguaro National Park,Arizona,has abundant plant life.
the rocky desert of Boa Vista island,Cape Verde,Africa,is devoid of plant life.
Ecosystems are complex with many interact parts.
The impact of environmental disturbances cause by human activitys is as important as the changes work by natural process.
Human agricultural practices,air pollution,acid rain,global deforestation,overfishing,eutrophication,oil spills,and waste dumping on land and into the ocean are all issues of concern to conservationists.
waste dumping on land and into the ocean are all issues of concern to conservationists.
Equilibrium is the steady state of an ecosystem where all organisms are in balance with their environment and with each other.
In ecology,two parameters are use to measure changes in ecosystems:resistance and resilience.
Resistance is the ability of an ecosystem to remain at equilibrium in spite of disturbances.
Resilience is the speed at which an ecosystem recovers equilibrium after being disturbed.
Ecosystem resistance and resilience are especially important when considering human impact.
The nature of an ecosystem may change to such a degree that it can lose its resilience entirely.
This process can lead to the complete destruction or irreversible altering of the ecosystem.
The term "food chain"is sometimes use metaphorically to describe human social situations.
The scientific understanding of a food chain is more precise than in its everyday usage.
Each organism in a food chain occupys what is call a trophic level.
In many ecosystems,the bottom of the food chain consists of photosynthetic organisms,which are call primary producers.
The organisms that consume the primary producers are herbivores:the primary consumers.
Secondary consumers are usually carnivores that eat the primary consumers.
Tertiary consumers are carnivores that eat other carnivores.
High-level consumers feed on the next low trophic levels,and so on,up to the organisms at the top of the food chain:the apex consumers.
High-level consumers feed on the next low trophic levels.
These are the trophic levels of a food chain in Lake Ontario at the United States-Canada border.
Energy and nutrients flow from photosynthetic green algae at the bottom to the top of the food chain:the Chinook salmon.
One major factor that limits the length of food chains is energy.
Energy is lost as heat between each trophic level due to the second law of thermodynamics.
Each trophic level has less energy available and supports few organisms at the next level.
In other words,the linear model of ecosystems,the food chain,is not completely descriptive of ecosystem structure.
This food web shows the interactions between organisms across trophic levels in the Lake Ontario ecosystem.
Primary producers are outline in green,primary consumers in orange,secondary consumers in blue,and tertiary consumers in purple.
Primary producers are outline in green,primary consumers in orange,secondary consumers in blue.
For example,the opossum shrimp eats both primary producers and primary consumers.
A comparison of the two types of structural ecosystem models shows strength in both.
Interactive Labs box,under Food underline Web,end click Step underline 1.
Two general types of food webs are often show interact within a single ecosystem.
A detrital food web consists of a base of organisms that feed on decay organic matter,call decomposers or detritivores.
These organisms are usually bacteria or fungi that recycle organic material back into the biotic part of the ecosystem as they themselves are consume by other organisms.
As all ecosystems require a method to recycle material from dead organisms,most grazing food webs have an associate detrital food web.
It is well established by the theory of natural selection that changes in the environment play a major role in the evolution of species within an ecosystem.
Over the last 10,000years,these freshwater fish then became isolated from each other in different lakes.
Depending on which lake population was study,findings show that these sticklebacks then either remain as one species or evolve into two species.
The divergence of species was made possible by their use of different areas of the pond for feed call micro niches.
Dr.Harmon and his team created artificial pond microcosms in 250-gallon tanks and added muck from freshwater ponds as a source of zooplankton and other invertebrates to sustain the fish.
In different experimental tanks they introduced one species of stickleback from either a single-species or double-species lake.
Over time,the team observed that some of the tanks bloom with algae while others did not.
It turn out that the water from the tanks with two-species fish contained large particles of DOC than water with single-species fish.
This increase in DOC block the sunlight and prevent algal blooming.
Conversely,the water from the single-species tank contained small DOC particles,allowing more sunlight penetration to fuel the algal blooms.
Thus,the study shows that,at least in these ecosystems,the environment and the evolution of populations have reciprocal effects that may now be factor into simulation models.
The three-spined stickleback evolve from a saltwater fish to freshwater fish.
Some ecologists study ecosystems use control experimental systems,while some study entire ecosystems in their natural state,and others use both approachs.
Some ecologists study ecosystems use control experimental systems,while some study entire ecosystems in their natural state.
others use both approachs.
Some ecologists study ecosystems use control experimental systems.
A holistic ecosystem model attempts to quantify the composition,interaction,and dynamics of entire ecosystems;it is the most representative of the ecosystem in its natural state.
A holistic ecosystem model attempts to quantify the composition,interaction,and dynamics of entire ecosystems.
it is the most representative of the ecosystem in its natural state.
A holistic ecosystem model attempts to quantify the composition,interaction.
dynamics of entire ecosystems;it is the most representative of the ecosystem in its natural state.
A food web is an example of a holistic ecosystem model.
However,this type of study is limit by time and expense,as well as the fact that it is neither feasible nor ethical to do experiments on large natural ecosystems.
It is difficult to quantify all different species in an ecosystem and the dynamics in their habitat,especially when study large habitats such as the Amazon Rainforest.
For these reasons,scientists study ecosystems under more control conditions.
A major limitation to these approachs is that removing individual organisms from their natural ecosystem or alter a natural ecosystem through partition may change the dynamics of the ecosystem.
These changes are often due to differences in species numbers and diversity and also to environment alterations cause by partition or recreating the natural habitat.
Thus,these types of experiments are not totally predictive of changes that would occur in the ecosystem from which they were gathered.
Scientists use the datum generated by these experimental studys to develop ecosystem models that demonstrate the structure and dynamics of ecosystems.
They use three basic types of ecosystem modeling in research and ecosystem management:a conceptual model,an analytical model,and a simulation model.
They use three basic types of ecosystem modeling in research and ecosystem management:a conceptual model,an analytical model.
A conceptual model is an ecosystem model that consists of flow charts to show interactions of different compartments of the living and nonliving components of the ecosystem.
A conceptual model describes ecosystem structure and dynamics and shows how environmental disturbances affect the ecosystem.
An analytical model is an ecosystem model that is created use simple mathematical formulas to predict the effects of environmental disturbances on ecosystem structure and dynamics.
Conceptual Models Conceptual models are useful for describing ecosystem structure and dynamics and for demonstrating the relationships between different organisms in a community and their environment.
Conceptual models are usually depicted graphically as flow charts.
The organisms and their resources are group into specific compartments with arrows show the relationship and transfer of energy or nutrients between they.
Thus,these diagrams are sometimes call compartment models.
This conversion is greatly accelerated by the combustion of fossil fuels by humans,which releases large amounts of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere.
This is thought to be a major factor in the rise of the atmospheric carbon dioxide levels in the industrial age.
The carbon dioxide release from burn fossil fuels is produce fast than photosynthetic organisms can use it.
This process is intensified by the reduction of photosynthetic trees because of worldwide deforestation.
Most scientists agree that high atmospheric carbon dioxide is a major cause of global climate change.
Conceptual models are also use to show the flow of energy through particular ecosystems.
This study shows the energy content and transfer between various ecosystem compartments.
This conceptual model shows the flow of energy through a spring ecosystem in Silver Springs,Florida.
The major limitation of conceptual models is their inability to predict the consequences of changes in ecosystem species and/ormajsut.
Ecosystems are dynamic entitys and subject to a variety of abiotic and biotic disturbances cause by natural forces and/orsehjeg activity.
Ecosystems alter from their initial equilibrium state can often recover from such disturbances and return to a state of equilibrium.
As most ecosystems are subject to periodic disturbances and are often in a state of change,they are usually either move toward or away from their equilibrium state.
Although analytical models have great potential,their simplification of complex ecosystems is thought to limit their accuracy.
Simulation models that use computer programs are well able to deal with the complexitys of ecosystem structure.
These simulations are considered to be the most accurate and predictive of the complex responses of ecosystems to disturbances.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit The Darwin Project to view a variety of ecosystem models,including simulations that model predator-prey relationships to learn more.
All live things require energy in one form or another.
Living organisms would not be able to assemble macromolecules from their monomeric subunits without a constant energy input.
It is important to understand how organisms acquire energy and how that energy is pass from one organism to another through food webs and their constituent food chains.
Food webs illustrate how energy flows directionally through ecosystems,including how efficiently organisms acquire it,use it,and how much remains for use by other organisms of the food web.
Food webs illustrate how energy flows directionally through ecosystems,including how efficiently organisms acquire it,use it.
Photosynthetic autotrophs use sunlight as an energy source,whereas chemosynthetic autotrophs use inorganic molecules as an energy source.
Photosynthetic autotrophs use sunlight as an energy source.
chemosynthetic autotrophs use inorganic molecules as an energy source.
Autotrophs are critical for all ecosystems.
Photoautotrophs,such as plants,algae,and photosynthetic bacteria,serve as the energy source for a majority of the world'snonfuwgijs.
photosynthetic bacteria,serve as the energy source for a majority of the world'snonfuwgijs.
These ecosystems are often described by grazing food webs.
Photoautotrophs harness the solar energy of the sun by convert it to chemical energy in the form of ATP.
The energy store in ATP is use to synthesize complex organic molecules,such as glucose.
Many chemoautotrophs in hydrothermal vents use hydrogen sulfide,which is release from the vents as a source of chemical energy.
This allows chemoautotrophs to synthesize complex organic molecules,such as glucose,for their own energy and in turn supplys energy to the rest of the ecosystem.
As no sunlight penetrates to this depth,the ecosystem is support by chemoautotrophic bacteria and organic material that sinks from the ocean'snortoyzig.
This picture was taken in 2006at the submerged NW Eifuku volcano off the coast of Japan by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
The summit of this highly active volcano lies 1535m below the surface.
Productivity within Trophic Levels Productivity within an ecosystem can be defined as the percentage of energy entering the ecosystem incorporated into biomass in a particular trophic level.
Biomass is the total mass,in a unit area at the time of measurement,of live or previously live organisms within a trophic level.
Ecosystems have characteristic amounts of biomass at each trophic level.
The productivity of the primary producers is especially important in any ecosystem because these organisms bring energy to other live organisms by photoautotrophy or chemoautotrophy.
In this ecosystem,the total energy accumulate by the primary producers was show to be 20,810kcal/m2/yr.
Net primary productivity is the energy that remains in the primary producers after account for the organisms'respiration and heat loss.
The net productivity is then available to the primary consumers at the next trophic level.
In biologic systems,this energy takes the form of metabolic heat,which is lost when the organisms consume other organisms.
In Silver Springs,the TLTE between the first two trophic levels was approximately 14.48percent.
The low efficiency of energy transfer between trophic levels is usually the major factor that limits the length of food chains observed in a food web.
The fact is,after four to six energy transfers,there is not enough energy left to support another trophic level.
Ecologists have many different methods of measure energy transfers within ecosystems.
Measurement difficulty depends on the complexity of the ecosystem and how much access scientists have to observe the ecosystem.
In other words,some ecosystems are more difficult to study than others,and sometimes the quantification of energy transfers has to be estimate.
In other words,some ecosystems are more difficult to study than others.
sometimes the quantification of energy transfers has to be estimate.
Other parameters are important in characterizing energy flow within an ecosystem.
Net consumer productivity is the energy content available to the organisms of the next trophic level.
Incomplete ingestion refers to the fact that some consumers eat only a part of their food.
For example,when a lion kills an antelope,it will eat everything except the hide and bones.
The lion is missing the energy-rich bone marrow inside the bone,so the lion does not make use of all the calories its prey could provide.
The extra heat generated in endotherms,although an advantage in terms of the activity of these organisms in colder environments,is a major disadvantage in terms of NPE.
Therefore,many endotherms have to eat more often than ectotherms to get the energy they need for survival.
In general,NPE for ectotherms is an order of magnitude high than for endotherms.
For example,the NPE for a caterpillar eat leafs has been measure at 18percent,whereas the NPE for a squirrel eat acorns may be as low as 1.6percent.
For example,the NPE for a caterpillar eat leafs has been measure at 18percent.
the NPE for a squirrel eat acorns may be as low as 1.6percent.
The inefficiency of energy use by warm-blooded animals has broad implications for the world'szulzex supply.
The same energy content of milk from cattle is also costly,at approximately $0.16per 1000kcal.
The structure of ecosystems can be visualize with ecological pyramids,which were first described by the pioneer studys of Charles Elton in the 1920s.
Ecological pyramids show the relative amounts of various parameters across trophic levels.
Pyramids of numbers can be either upright or inverted,depending on the ecosystem.
However,during the summer in a temperate forest,the base of the pyramid consists of few trees compared with the number of primary consumers,mostly insects.
Because trees are large,they have great photosynthetic capability,and dominate other plants in this ecosystem to obtain sunlight.
Because trees are large,they have great photosynthetic capability.
Even in small numbers,primary producers in forests are still capable of support other trophic levels.
Another way to visualize ecosystem structure is with pyramids of biomass.
energy convert into live tissue at the different trophic levels.
The plants of the Silver Springs ecosystem make up a large percentage of the biomass found there.
However,the phytoplankton in the English Channel example make up less biomass than the primary consumers,the zooplankton.
The phytoplankton are consume rapidly by the primary consumers,thus,minimizing their biomass at any particular point in time.
However,phytoplankton reproduce quickly,thus they are able to support the rest of the ecosystem.
Pyramid ecosystem modeling can also be use to show energy flow through the trophic levels.
Pyramids of energy are always upright,and an ecosystem without sufficient primary productivity kajdidnot be support.
Pyramids of energy are always upright.
All types of ecological pyramids are useful for characterizing ecosystem structure.
Pyramids depicting the number of organisms or biomass may be inverted,upright,or even diamond-shaped.
Pyramids depicting the number of organisms or biomass may be inverted,upright.
Energy pyramids,however,are always upright.
Consequences of Food Webs:Biological Magnification One of the most important environmental consequences of ecosystem dynamics is biomagnification.
Biomagnification is the increase concentration of persistent,toxic substances in organisms at each trophic level,from the primary producers to the apex consumers.
Many substances have been show to bioaccumulate,including the pesticide dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane,which was described in the 1960sjulfoptejcuy,Silent Spring,by marine biologist Rachel Carson.
DDT was a commonly use pesticide before its dangers became know.
Thus,the birds accumulate sufficient amounts of DDT to cause fragility in their eggshells.
This effect increase egg breakage during nesting and was show to have adverse effects on these bird populations.
Carson'slesratcop of scientific knowledge and illuminating writing helped raise awareness about overall environmental issues as well as the specifics of the pesticide.
The use of DDT was banned in the United States in the 1970s.
These substances were well study in aquatic ecosystems,where fish species at different trophic levels accumulate toxic substances brought through the ecosystem by the primary producers.
The apex consumer has more than four times the amount of pcbs compared to phytoplankton.
Also,base on results from other studys,birds that eat these fish may have PCB levels at least one order of magnitude high than those found in the lake fish.
This chart shows the PCB concentrations found at the various trophic levels in the Saginaw Bay ecosystem of Lake Huron.
Other concerns have been raised by the accumulation of heavy metals,such as mercury and cadmium,in certain types of seafood.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency recommends that pregnant people and young child should not consume any swordfish,shark,king mackerel,or tilefish because of their high mercury content.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency recommends that pregnant people and young child should not consume any swordfish,shark,king mackerel.
These individuals are advised to eat fish low in mercury:salmon,tilapia,shrimp,pollock,and catfish.
These individuals are advised to eat fish low in mercury:salmon,tilapia,shrimp,pollock.
Biomagnification is a good example of how ecosystem dynamics can affect our everyday lifes,even influence the food we eat.
Energy flows directionally through ecosystems,entering as sunlight and leaving as heat during the many transfers between trophic levels.
However,the matter that makes up living organisms is conserved and recycled.
erosion,water drainage,and the subduction of the tectonic plates,all play a role in this recycling of materials.
the subduction of the tectonic plates,all play a role in this recycling of materials.
Water contains hydrogen and oxygen,which is essential to all living process.
The hydrosphere is the area of the Earth where water movement and storage occurs.
On or beneath the surface,water occurs in liquid or solid form in rivers,lakes,oceans,groundwater,polar ice caps,and glaciers.
On or beneath the surface,water occurs in liquid or solid form in rivers,lakes,oceans,groundwater,polar ice caps.
And it occurs as water vapor in the atmosphere.
Carbon is found in all organic macromolecules and is an important constituent of fossil fuels.
Nitrogen is a major component of our nucleic acids and proteins and is critical to human agriculture.
Sulfur is critical to the 3-D folding of proteins,such as in disulfide binding.
For example,the movement of water is critical for the leaching of nitrogen and phosphate into rivers,lakes,and oceans.
For example,the movement of water is critical for the leaching of nitrogen and phosphate into rivers,lakes.
Furthermore,the ocean itself is a major reservoir for carbon.
Thus,mineral nutrients are cycle,either rapidly or slowly,through the entire biosphere,from one live organism to another,and between the biotic and abiotic world.
Thus,mineral nutrients are cycle,either rapidly or slowly,through the entire biosphere,from one live organism to another.
The Water Cycle Water is the basis of all living process on Earth.
Of the remain water,99percent is lock underground as water or as ice.
Thus,less than 1percent of fresh water is easily accessible from lakes and rivers.
Many live things,such as plants,animals,and fungus,are dependent on that small amount of fresh surface water,a lack of which can have massive effects on ecosystem dynamics.
fungus,are dependent on that small amount of fresh surface water,a lack of which can have massive effects on ecosystem dynamics.
To be successful,organisms must adapt to fluctuate water supplys.
Humans,of course,have develop technologys to increase water availability,such as digging wells to harvest groundwater,store rainwater,and use desalination to obtain drinkable water from the ocean.
Humans,of course,have develop technologys to increase water availability,such as digging wells to harvest groundwater,store rainwater.
Water cycling is extremely important to ecosystem dynamics.
Water has a major influence on climate and,thus,on the environments of ecosystems.
Residence time is a measure of the average time an individual water molecule stays in a particular reservoir.
This graph shows the average residence time for water molecules in the Earth'squbmijruy reservoirs.
The water cycle is drive by the sun'sbakvintohbip as it warms the oceans and other surface waters.
Over time,this water vapor condenses into clouds as liquid or frozen droplets and is eventually followed by precipitation,which returns water to the Earth'snortoyzig.
Rain eventually permeates into the ground,where it may evaporate again if it is near the surface,flow beneath the surface,or be store for long periods.
Rain eventually permeates into the ground,where it may evaporate again if it is near the surface,flow beneath the surface.
Runoff can then make its way through streams and lakes to the oceans or flow directly to the oceans themselves.
Rain and surface runoff are major ways in which minerals,including carbon,nitrogen,phosphorus,and sulfur,are cycle from land to water.
Rain and surface runoff are major ways in which minerals,including carbon,nitrogen,phosphorus.
sulfur,are cycle from land to water.
The environmental effects of runoff will be discussed later as these cycles are described.
Precipitated water may enter freshwater bodys or infiltrate the soil.
The cycle is complete when surface or groundwater reenters the ocean.
The Carbon Cycle Carbon is the second most abundant element in live organisms.
Carbon is present in all organic molecules,and its role in the structure of macromolecules is of primary importance to living organisms.
Carbon is present in all organic molecules.
its role in the structure of macromolecules is of primary importance to living organisms.
respiration cycles the organic carbon back into carbon dioxide gas.
Long-term storage of organic carbon occurs when matter from living organisms is buried deep underground and becomes fossilized.
Volcanic activity and,more recently,human emissions,bring this store carbon back into the carbon cycle.
The Biological Carbon Cycle Living organisms are connected in many ways,even between ecosystems.
A good example of this connection is the exchange of carbon between autotrophs and heterotrophs within and between ecosystems by way of atmospheric carbon dioxide.
Carbon dioxide is the basic building block that most autotrophs use to build multicarbon,high energy compounds,such as glucose.
The energy harnessed from the sun is use by these organisms to form the covalent bonds that link carbon atoms together.
These chemical bonds thereby store this energy for later use in the process of respiration.
However carbon dioxide is acquired,a by-product of the process is oxygen.
The photosynthetic organisms are responsible for creating the oxygen content of our atmosphere;oxygen makes up approximately 21percent of the atmosphere that we observe today.
The photosynthetic organisms are responsible for creating the oxygen content of our atmosphere.
oxygen makes up approximately 21percent of the atmosphere that we observe today.
Heterotrophs and autotrophs are partners in biological carbon exchange.
Heterotrophs acquire the high-energy carbon compounds from the autotrophs by consume they,and break they down by respiration to obtain cellular energy,such as ATP.
Heterotrophs acquire the high-energy carbon compounds from the autotrophs by consume they.
The most efficient type of respiration,aerobic respiration,requires oxygen obtain from the atmosphere or dissolve in water.
Gas exchange through the atmosphere and water is one way that the carbon cycle connects all live organisms on Earth.
As state,the atmosphere is a major reservoir of carbon in the form of carbon dioxide and is essential to the process of photosynthesis.
The level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is greatly influence by the reservoir of carbon in the oceans.
The exchange of carbon between the atmosphere and water reservoirs influences how much carbon is found in each location,and each one affects the other reciprocally.
The exchange of carbon between the atmosphere and water reservoirs influences how much carbon is found in each location.
each one affects the other reciprocally.
The equilibrium coefficients are such that more than 90percent of the carbon in the ocean is found as bicarbonate ions.
Some of these ions combine with seawater calcium to form calcium carbonate,a major component of marine organism shells.
These organisms eventually form sediments on the ocean floor.
On land,carbon is store in soil as a result of the decomposition of living organisms or from weather of terrestrial rock and minerals.
This carbon can be leach into the water reservoirs by surface runoff.
A nonrenewable resource,such as fossil fuel,is either regenerate very slowly or not at all.
Another way for carbon to enter the atmosphere is from land by the eruption of volcanos and other geothermal systems.
Carbon sediments from the ocean floor are taken deep within the Earth by the process of subduction:the movement of one tectonic plate beneath another.
Carbon is release as carbon dioxide when a volcano erupts or from volcanic hydrothermal vents.
Humans contribute to atmospheric carbon by the burning of fossil fuels and other materials.
Since the Industrial Revolution,humans have significantly increase the release of carbon and carbon compounds,which has in turn affect the climate and overall environment.
Animal husbandry by humans also increases atmospheric carbon.
This is another example of how human activity indirectly affects biogeochemical cycles in a significant way.
The Nitrogen Cycle Getting nitrogen into the live world is difficult.
Nitrogen enters the live world via free-living and symbiotic bacteria,which incorporate nitrogen into their macromolecules through nitrogen fixation.
Cyanobacteria live in most aquatic ecosystems where sunlight is present;they play a key role in nitrogen fixation.
Cyanobacteria live in most aquatic ecosystems where sunlight is present.
they play a key role in nitrogen fixation.
Cyanobacteria are able to use inorganic sources of nitrogen to "fix"nitrogen.
Rhizobium bacteria live symbiotically in the root nodules of legumes and provide they with the organic nitrogen they need.
(For example,gardeners often grow peas both for their produce and to naturally add nitrogen to the soil.
Free-living bacteria,such as Azotobacter,are also important nitrogen fixers.
Organic nitrogen is especially important to the study of ecosystem dynamics since many ecosystem process,such as primary production and decomposition,are limit by the available supply of nitrogen.
This process occurs in three steps in terrestrial systems:ammonification,nitrification,and denitrification.
This process occurs in three steps in terrestrial systems:ammonification,nitrification.
First,the ammonification process converts nitrogenous waste from live animals or from the remains of dead animals into ammonium by certain bacteria and fungus.
Second,the ammonium is convert to nitrites by nitrifying bacteria,such as Nitrosomonas,through nitrification.
Subsequently,nitrites are convert to nitrates by similar organisms.
Third,the process of denitrification occurs,whereby bacteria,such as Pseudomonas and Clostridium,convert the nitrates into nitrogen gas,allowing it to reenter the atmosphere.
This nitrogen and nitrogenous waste from animals is then process back into gaseous nitrogen by soil bacteria,which also supply terrestrial food webs with the organic nitrogen they need.
a.Ammonification converts organic nitrogenous matter from living organisms into ammonium.
b.Denitrification by bacteria converts nitrates to nitrogen gas.
c.Nitrification by bacteria converts nitrates to nitrites.
A major effect from fertilizer runoff is saltwater and freshwater eutrophication,a process whereby nutrient runoff causes the excess growth of microorganisms,depleting dissolve oxygen levels and killing ecosystem fauna.
A similar process occurs in the marine nitrogen cycle,where the ammonification,nitrification,and denitrification process are perform by marine bacteria.
A similar process occurs in the marine nitrogen cycle,where the ammonification,nitrification.
denitrification process are perform by marine bacteria.
Phosphorus occurs in nature as the phosphate ion.
This rock has its origins in the ocean.
Phosphate-containing ocean sediments form primarily from the bodys of ocean organisms and from their excretions.
However,in remote regions,volcanic ash,aerosols,and mineral dust may also be significant phosphate sources.
mineral dust may also be significant phosphate sources.
This sediment then is move to land over geologic time by the uplifting of areas of the Earth'snortoyzig.
Phosphorus is also reciprocally exchange between phosphate dissolve in the ocean and marine ecosystems.
In nature,phosphorus exists as the phosphate ion.
Phosphate enters the oceans via surface runoff,groundwater flow,and river flow.
Phosphate enters the oceans via surface runoff,groundwater flow.
Phosphate dissolve in ocean water cycles into marine food webs.
Some phosphate from the marine food webs falls to the ocean floor,where it forms sediment.
Worldwide,large dead zones are found in coastal areas of high population density.
The number of dead zones has been increase for several years,and more than 400of these zones were present as of 2008.
The number of dead zones has been increase for several years.
This satellite image shows the Chesapeake Bay,an ecosystem affect by phosphate and nitrate runoff.
A member of the Army Corps of Engineers holds a clump of oysters being use as a part of the oyster restoration effort in the bay.
The Chesapeake Bay has long been value as one of the most scenic areas on Earth;it is now in distress and is recognized as a decline ecosystem.
The Chesapeake Bay has long been value as one of the most scenic areas on Earth.
it is now in distress and is recognized as a decline ecosystem.
Several species have decline in the Chesapeake Bay due to surface water runoff containing excess nutrients from artificial fertilizer use on land.
The source of the fertilizers is not limit to agricultural practices.
Thus,the decline of the Chesapeake Bay is a complex issue and requires the cooperation of industry,agriculture,and everyday homeowners.
Thus,the decline of the Chesapeake Bay is a complex issue and requires the cooperation of industry,agriculture.
Oyster harvesting was once a major industry for Chesapeake Bay,but it decline 88percent between 1982and 2007.
This decline was due not only to fertilizer runoff and dead zones but also to overharvesting.
Oysters require a certain minimum population density because they must be in close proximity to reproduce.
Human activity has alter the oyster population and locations,greatly disrupting the ecosystem.
The restoration of the oyster population in the Chesapeake Bay has been ongoing for several years with mixed success.
Not only do many people find oysters good to eat,but they also clean up the bay.
Oysters are filter feeders,and as they eat,they clean the water around they.
Oysters are filter feeders.
as they eat,they clean the water around they.
In the 1700s,it was estimate that it took only a few days for the oyster population to filter the entire volume of the bay.
Today,with change water conditions,it is estimate that the present population would take nearly a year to do the same job.
Restoration efforts have been ongoing for several years by nonprofit organizations,such as the Chesapeake Bay Foundation.
The restoration goal is to find a way to increase population density so the oysters can reproduce more efficiently.
The Sulfur Cycle Sulfur is an essential element for the macromolecules of live things.
Weathering of rocks also makes sulfates available to terrestrial ecosystems.
Decomposition of living organisms returns sulfates to the ocean,soil,and atmosphere.
Decomposition of living organisms returns sulfates to the ocean,soil.
Atmospheric sulfur is found in the form of sulfur dioxide,and as rain falls through the atmosphere,sulfur is dissolve in the form of weak sulfurous acid.
Atmospheric sulfur is found in the form of sulfur dioxide.
as rain falls through the atmosphere,sulfur is dissolve in the form of weak sulfurous acid.
Sulfur can also fall directly from the atmosphere in a process call fallout.
Also,the weathering of sulfur-containing rocks releases sulfur into the soil.
These rocks originate from ocean sediments that are move to land by the geologic uplifting of ocean sediments.
Sulfur enters the ocean via runoff from land,from atmospheric fallout,and from underwater geothermal vents.
Sulfur enters the ocean via runoff from land,from atmospheric fallout.
Human activitys have play a major role in alter the balance of the global sulfur cycle.
The burning of large quantitys of fossil fuels,especially from coal,releases large amounts of sulfur dioxide and hydrogen sulfide gas into the atmosphere.
Acid rain is cause by rainwater fall to the ground through mostly sulfur dioxide gas,turn it into weak sulfurous acid.
For example,many marble monuments,such as the Lincoln Memorial in Washington,DC,have suffered significant damage from acid rain over the years.
Modeling of ecosystem energy is well done with Ecosystems exist on land,at sea,in the air,and ecological pyramids of energy,although other underground.
Modeling of ecosystem energy is well done with Ecosystems exist on land,at sea,in the air.
Different ways of modeling ecosystems ecological pyramids provide other vital information are necessary to understand how environmental about ecosystem structure.
disturbances will affect ecosystem structure and dynamics.
Conceptual models are useful to show the 46.3Biogeochemical Cycles general relationships between organisms and the flow Mineral nutrients are cycle through ecosystems and of materials or energy between they.
Of particular importance are water,models are use to describe linear food chains,and carbon,nitrogen,phosphorus,and sulfur.
Of particular importance are water,models are use to describe linear food chains.
All of these simulation models work well with holistic food webs.
cycles have major impacts on ecosystem structure and 46.2Energy Flow through Ecosystems function.
A variety of human activitys,such as pollution,oil spills,and other events have damage Organisms in an ecosystem acquire energy in a variety ecosystems,potentially cause global climate change.
other events have damage Organisms in an ecosystem acquire energy in a variety ecosystems,potentially cause global climate change.
Energy pyramids,d.Nitrogen fixing bacteria convert nitrogen however,are always upright.
A re-created ecosystem in a laboratory a.resistance environment is know as a ________.
Decomposers are associate with which class of 13.
The primary producers in an ocean grazing food web are usually ________.
In the English Channel ecosystem,the number a.analytical modeling of primary producers is small than the number b.simulation modeling of primary consumers because________.
c.conceptual modeling a.the apex consumers have a low turnover d.individual-base modeling rate b.
the primary producers have a low turnover 9.
The position of an organism along a food chain is rate know as its ________.
the primary producers have a high a.locus turnover rate b.location d.
the primary consumers have a high c.trophic level turnover rate d.microcosm 16.
What law of chemistry determines how much 10.
a.primary producers a.the first law of thermodynamics b.
A food chain would be a well resource than a 17.
Carbon is present in the atmosphere as organic molecules is call ________.
Which of the following approachs would be the 20.
The average time a molecule spends in its c.Increase use of fuel sources that do not reservoir is know as ________.
a.Nitrogen could no long be fixed into 22.
growth of microorganisms due to excess b.Phosphorus stores would be release for nutrients in aquatic systems is call ________.
c.retrofication d.Carbon would accumulate in dead organic d.depletion matter and waste.
What are the strengths of each concept in 33.
What does this convey to readers about 28.
and how well they describe ecosystem structure.