# Biology2e Chapter 2 — The Chemical Foundation of Life
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 512

In this model of an organic molecule, the atoms of carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen, and phosphorus are in proportional atomic size.
phosphorus are in proportional atomic size.
The silver rods indicate chemical bonds.
INTRODUCTION Elements in various combinations comprise all matter, including living things.
Some of the most abundant elements in living organisms include carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen, sulfur, and phosphorus.
Some of the most abundant elements in living organisms include carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen, sulfur.
These form the nucleic acids, proteins, carbohydrates, and lipids that are the fundamental components of living matter.
These form the nucleic acids, proteins, carbohydrates.
Biologists must understand these important building blocks and the unique structures of the atoms that comprise molecules, allowing for cells, tissues, organ systems, and entire organisms to form.
Biologists must understand these important building blocks and the unique structures of the atoms that comprise molecules, allowing for cells, tissues, organ systems.
All biological processes follow the laws of physics and chemistry, so in order to understand how biological systems work, it is important to understand the underlying physics and chemistry.
For example, the flow of blood within the circulatory system follows the laws of physics that regulate the modes of fluid flow.
The properties of water and the formation of hydrogen bonds are key to understanding living processes.
Therefore, the fundamentals of physics and chemistry are important for gaining insight into biological processes.
At its most fundamental level, life is made up of matter.
Elements are unique forms of matter with specific chemical and physical properties that cannot break down into smaller substances by ordinary chemical reactions.
The remaining elements are unstable and require scientists to synthesize them in laboratories.
Each element is designated by its chemical symbol, which is a single capital letter or, when the first letter is already "taken" by another element, a combination of two letters.
Some elements follow the English term for the element, such as C for carbon and Ca for calcium.
Other elements' chemical symbols derive from their Latin names.
For example, the symbol for sodium is Na, referring to natrium, the Latin word for sodium.
The four elements common to all living organisms are oxygen, carbon, hydrogen, and nitrogen.
The four elements common to all living organisms are oxygen, carbon, hydrogen.
In the nonliving world, elements are found in different proportions, and some elements common to living organisms are relatively rare on the earth as a whole, as shows.
In the nonliving world, elements are found in different proportions.
some elements common to living organisms are relatively rare on the earth as a whole, as shows.
The Structure of the Atom To understand how elements come together, we must first discuss the element's smallest component or building block, the atom.
An atom is the smallest unit of matter that retains all of the element's chemical properties.
For example, one gold atom has all of the properties of gold, like its chemical reactivity.
A gold coin is simply a very large number of gold atoms molded into the shape of a coin and contains small amounts of other elements known as impurities.
We cannot break down gold atoms into anything smaller while still retaining the properties of gold.
An atom is composed of two regions: the nucleus, which is in the atom's center and contains protons and neutrons.
Atoms contain protons, electrons, and neutrons, among other subatomic particles.
Atoms contain protons, electrons.
The most common isotope of hydrogen is the only exception and is made of one proton and one electron with no neutrons.
Atoms are made up of protons and neutrons located within the nucleus, with electrons in orbitals surrounding the nucleus.
Protons and neutrons have approximately the same mass, about 1.67 × 10-24 grams.
Scientists arbitrarily define this amount of mass as one atomic mass unit or one Dalton, as shows.
A proton is positively charged; whereas, a neutron is uncharged.
A proton is positively charged.
whereas, a neutron is uncharged.
Therefore, the number of neutrons in an atom contributes significantly to its mass, but not to its charge.
Electrons are much smaller in mass than protons, weighing only 9.11 × 10-28 grams, or about 1/1800 of an atomic mass unit.
Electrons are much smaller in mass than protons, weighing only 9.11 × 10-28 grams.
Hence, they do not contribute much to an element's overall atomic mass.
Therefore, when considering atomic mass, it is customary to ignore the mass of any electrons and calculate the atom's mass based on the number of protons and neutrons alone.
Although not significant contributors to mass, electrons do contribute greatly to the atom's charge, as each electron has a negative charge equal to the proton's positive charge.
In uncharged, neutral atoms, the number of electrons orbiting the nucleus is equal to the number of protons inside the nucleus.
In these atoms, the positive and negative charges cancel each other out, leading to an atom with no net charge.
electrons, most of the atom's volume—greater than 99 percent—is empty space.
With all this empty space, one might ask why so-called solid objects do not just pass through one another.
The reason they do not is that the electrons that surround all atoms are negatively charged and negative charges repel each other.
Atomic Number and Mass Atoms of each element contain a characteristic number of protons and electrons.
The number of protons determines an element's atomic number, which scientists use to distinguish one element from another.
The number of neutrons is variable, resulting in isotopes, which are different forms of the same atom that vary only in the number of neutrons they possess.
We can use this approximation of mass to easily calculate how many neutrons an element has by simply subtracting the number of protons from the mass number.
have slightly different mass numbers, scientists also determine the atomic weight, which is the calculated mean of the atomic weights of its naturally occurring isotopes.
Often, the resulting number contains a fraction.
Isotopes Isotopes are different forms of an element that have the same number of protons but a different number of neutrons.
Some elements—such as carbon, potassium, and uranium—have naturally occurring isotopes.
uranium—have naturally occurring isotopes.
Carbon-12 contains six protons, six neutrons, and six electrons; therefore, it has a mass number of 12.
Carbon-12 contains six protons, six neutrons, and six electrons.
therefore, it has a mass number of 12.
Carbon-12 contains six protons, six neutrons.
six electrons; therefore, it has a mass number of 12.
Carbon-14 contains six protons, eight neutrons, and six electrons; its atomic mass is 14.
Carbon-14 contains six protons, eight neutrons, and six electrons.
its atomic mass is 14.
Carbon-14 contains six protons, eight neutrons.
six electrons; its atomic mass is 14.
These two alternate forms of carbon are isotopes.
Some isotopes may emit neutrons, protons, and electrons, and attain a more stable atomic configuration; these are radioactive isotopes, or radioisotopes.
Some isotopes may emit neutrons, protons, and electrons, and attain a more stable atomic configuration.
these are radioactive isotopes, or radioisotopes.
Some isotopes may emit neutrons, protons.
attain a more stable atomic configuration; these are radioactive isotopes, or radioisotopes.
Some isotopes may emit neutrons, protons, and electrons, and attain a more stable atomic configuration; these are radioactive isotopes.
Radioactive decay describes the energy loss that occurs when an unstable atom's nucleus releases radiation.
Carbon Dating Carbon is normally present in the atmosphere in the form of gaseous compounds like carbon dioxide and methane.
Because the half-life of 14C is long, scientists use it to date formerly living objects such as old bones or wood.
Other elements have isotopes with different half lives.
For example, 40K has a half-life of 1.25 billion years, and 235U has a half-life of about 700 million years.
For example, 40K has a half-life of 1.25 billion years.
scientists can study the age of fossils or other remains of extinct organisms to understand how organisms have evolved from earlier species.
LINK TO LEARNING To learn more about atoms, isotopes, and how to tell one isotope from another, run the simulation.
The properties of elements are responsible for their physical state at room temperature: they may be gases, solids, or liquids.
The properties of elements are responsible for their physical state at room temperature: they may be gases, solids.
Elements also have specific chemical reactivity, the ability to combine and to chemically bond with each other.
In addition to providing the atomic number for each element, the periodic table also displays the element's atomic mass.
Looking at carbon, for example, its symbol and name appear, as well as its atomic number of six and its atomic mass of 12.01.
The periodic table shows each element's atomic mass and atomic number.
The atomic number appears above the symbol for the element and the approximate atomic mass appears below it.
Scientists base the differences in chemical reactivity between the elements on the number and spatial distribution of an atom's electrons.
Molecules are simply two or more atoms chemically bonded together.
Logically, when two atoms chemically bond to form a molecule, their electrons, which form the outermost region of each atom, come together first as the atoms form a chemical bond.
In all electrically neutral atoms, the number of electrons is the same as the number of protons.
Thus, each element, at least when electrically neutral, has a characteristic number of electrons equal to its atomic number.
In 1913, Danish scientist Niels Bohr developed an early model of the atom.
These energy levels are designated by a number and the symbol "n." For example, 1n represents the first energy level located closest to the nucleus.
An electron normally exists in the lowest energy shell available, which is the one closest to the nucleus.
Energy from a photon of light can bump it up to a higher energy shell, but this situation is unstable, and the electron quickly decays back to the ground state.
Energy from a photon of light can bump it up to a higher energy shell, but this situation is unstable.
the electron quickly decays back to the ground state.
In the process, it releases a photon of light.
Electrons fill orbitals in a consistent order: they first fill the orbitals closest to the nucleus, then they continue to fill orbitals of increasing energy further from the nucleus.
If there are multiple orbitals of equal energy, they fill with one electron in each energy level before adding a second electron.
The electrons of the outermost energy level determine the atom's energetic stability and its tendency to form chemical bonds with other atoms to form molecules.
Under standard conditions, atoms fill the inner shells first, often resulting in a variable number of electrons in the outermost shell.
The innermost shell has a maximum of two electrons but the next two electron shells can each have a maximum of eight electrons.
Similarly, neon has a complete outer 2n shell containing eight electrons.
Group 18 elements have a full outer, or valence, shell.
Group 18 elements have a full outer.
A full valence shell is the most stable electron configuration.
Elements in other groups have partially filled valence shells and gain or lose electrons to achieve a stable electron configuration.
The periodic table is arranged in columns and rows based on the number of electrons and their location.
They are highly stable as single atoms.
Because they are non reactive, scientists coin them inert.
These elements, including hydrogen, lithium, and sodium, all have one electron in their outermost shells.
sodium, all have one electron in their outermost shells.
That means that they can achieve a stable configuration and a filled outer shell by donating or sharing one electron with another atom or a molecule such as water.
lithium and sodium will donate their electron to become stable.
As a result of losing a negatively charged electron, they become positively charged ions.
Thus, the periodic table's columns represent the potential shared state of these elements' outer electron shells that is responsible for their similar chemical characteristics.
Although useful to explain the reactivity and chemical bonding of certain elements, the Bohr model does not accurately reflect how electrons spatially distribute themselves around the nucleus.
They do not circle the nucleus like the earth orbits the sun, but we find them in electron orbitals.
These relatively complex shapes result from the fact that electrons behave not just like particles, but also like waves.
Scientists call the area where an electron is most likely to be found its orbital.
each subshell has a specified number of orbitals containing electrons.
While it is impossible to calculate exactly an electron's location, scientists know that it is most probably located within its orbital path.
f designate the subshells.
The s subshell is spherical in shape and has one orbital.
Principal shell 1n has only a single s orbital, which can hold two electrons.
Principal shell 2n has one s and one p subshell, and can hold a total of eight electrons.
Principal shell 2n has one s and one p subshell.
and f have more complex shapes and contain five and seven orbitals, respectively.
We do not show these in the illustration.
Principal shell 3n has s, p, and d subshells and can hold 18 electrons.
Principal shell 3n has s, p.
Principal shell 4n has s, p, d and f orbitals and can hold 32 electrons.
Progressing from one atom to the next in the periodic table, we can determine the electron structure by fitting an extra electron into the next available orbital.
The s subshells are shaped like spheres.
Both the 1n and 2n principal shells have an s orbital, but the size of the sphere is larger in the 2n orbital.
Each sphere is a single orbital.
Three dumbbell-shaped orbitals comprise p subshells.
Principal shell 2n has a p subshell, but shell 1 does not.
The closest orbital to the nucleus, the 1s orbital, can hold up to two electrons.
This orbital is equivalent to the Bohr model's innermost electron shell.
The 1s orbital is the closest orbital to the nucleus, and it is always filled first, before any other orbital fills.
The 1s orbital is the closest orbital to the nucleus.
it is always filled first, before any other orbital fills.
Hydrogen has one electron; therefore, it occupies only one spot within the 1s orbital.
Hydrogen has one electron.
therefore, it occupies only one spot within the 1s orbital.
We designate this as 1s1, where the superscripted 1 refers to the one electron within the 1s orbital.
Helium has two electrons; therefore, it can completely fill the 1s orbital with its two electrons.
Helium has two electrons.
therefore, it can completely fill the 1s orbital with its two electrons.
We designate this as 1s2, referring to the two electrons of helium in the 1s orbital.
Hydrogen and helium are the only two elements that have the 1s and no other electron orbitals in the electrically neutral state.
The second electron shell may contain eight electrons.
After the 1s orbital fills, the second electron shell fills, first filling its 2s orbital and then its three p orbitals.
When filling the p orbitals, each takes a single electron.
Once each p orbital has an electron, it may add a second.
Lithium contains three electrons that occupy the first and second shells.
Two electrons fill the 1s orbital, and the third electron then fills the 2s orbital.
Two electrons fill the 1s orbital.
the third electron then fills the 2s orbital.
Its electron configuration is 1s22s1.
Thus it is an inert gas and energetically stable as a single atom that will rarely form a chemical bond with other atoms.
Larger elements have additional orbitals, comprising the third electron shell.
Chemical Reactions and Molecules All elements are most stable when their outermost shell is filled with electrons according to the octet rule.
When two or more atoms chemically bond with each other, the resultant chemical structure is a molecule.
The familiar water molecule, H2O, consists of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
Atoms can form molecules by donating, accepting, or sharing electrons to fill their outer shells.
Atoms can form molecules by donating, accepting.
When two hydrogens and an oxygen share electrons via covalent bonds it forms a water molecule.
We typically draw an arrow between the reactants and products to indicate the chemical reaction's direction.
An example of a simple chemical reaction is breaking down hydrogen peroxide molecules, each of which consists of two hydrogen atoms bonded to two oxygen atoms.
The reactant hydrogen peroxide breaks down into water, containing one oxygen atom bound to two hydrogen atoms, and oxygen, which consists of two bonded oxygen atoms.
The reactant hydrogen peroxide breaks down into water, containing one oxygen atom bound to two hydrogen atoms.
In the equation below, the reaction includes two hydrogen peroxide molecules and two water molecules.
This is an example of a balanced chemical equation, wherein each element's number of atoms is the same on each side of the equation.
Some chemical reactions, such as the one above, can proceed in one direction until they expend all the reactants.
The equations that describe these reactions contain a unidirectional arrow and are irreversible.
Reversible reactions are those that can go in either direction.
In reversible reactions, reactants turn into products, but when the product's concentration goes beyond a certain threshold, some of these products convert back into reactants.
At this point, product and reactant designations reverse.
A chemical equation with a double headed arrow pointing towards both the reactants and products often denote these reversible reaction situations.
For example, in human blood, excess hydrogen ions bind to bicarbonate ions forming an equilibrium state with carbonic acid.
If we added carbonic acid to this system, some of it would convert to bicarbonate and hydrogen ions.
However, biological reactions rarely obtain equilibrium because the concentrations of the reactants or products or both are constantly changing, often with one reaction's product a reactant for another.
To return to the example of excess hydrogen ions in the blood, forming carbonic acid will be the reaction's major direction.
These reactions are important for maintaining homeostasis in our blood.
Ions and Ionic Bonds Some atoms are more stable when they gain or lose an electron and form ions.
This fills their outermost electron shell and makes them energetically more stable.
Because the number of electrons does not equal the number of protons, each ion has a net charge.
Cations are positive ions that form by losing electrons.
Negative ions form by gaining electrons, which we call anions.
We designate anions by their elemental name and change the ending to "-ide", thus the anion of chlorine is chloride, and the anion of sulfur is sulfide.
We designate anions by their elemental name and change the ending to "-ide", thus the anion of chlorine is chloride.
the anion of sulfur is sulfide.
Scientists refer to this movement of electrons from one element to another as electron transfer.
It takes less energy for sodium to donate that one electron than it does to accept seven more electrons to fill the outer shell.
If sodium loses an electron, it now has 11 protons, 11 neutrons, and only 10 electrons, leaving it with an overall charge of +1.
If sodium loses an electron, it now has 11 protons, 11 neutrons.
We now refer to it as a sodium ion.
Chlorine in its lowest energy state has seven electrons in its outer shell.
Again, it is more energy-efficient for chlorine to gain one electron than to lose seven.
Therefore, it tends to gain an electron to create an ion with 17 protons, 17 neutrons, and 18 electrons, giving it a net negative charge.
Therefore, it tends to gain an electron to create an ion with 17 protons, 17 neutrons.
We now refer to it as a chloride ion.
In this example, sodium will donate its one electron to empty its shell, and chlorine will accept that electron to fill its shell.
In this example, sodium will donate its one electron to empty its shell.
chlorine will accept that electron to fill its shell.
Both ions now satisfy the octet rule and have complete outermost shells.
Because the number of electrons is no longer equal to the number of protons, each is now an ion and has a +1 or –1 charge.
Ionic bonds form between ions with opposite charges.
Physiologists refer to certain salts as electrolytes, ions necessary for nerve impulse conduction, muscle contractions, and water balance.
Physiologists refer to certain salts as electrolytes, ions necessary for nerve impulse conduction, muscle contractions.
Many sports drinks and dietary supplements provide these ions to replace those lost from the body via sweating during exercise.
Covalent Bonds and Other Bonds and Interactions Another way to satisfy the octet rule is by sharing electrons between atoms to form covalent bonds.
These bonds are stronger and much more common than ionic bonds in the molecules of living organisms.
We commonly find covalent bonds in carbon-based organic molecules, such as our DNA and proteins.
We also find covalent bonds in inorganic molecules like H2O, CO2, and O2.
We also find covalent bonds in inorganic molecules like H2O, CO2.
The bonds may share one, two, or three pairs of electrons, making single, double, and triple bonds, respectively.
The bonds may share one, two, or three pairs of electrons, making single, double.
The bonds may share one, two.
Thus, triple bonds are the strongest.
This strong triple bond makes it difficult for living systems to break apart this nitrogen in order to use it as constituents of proteins and DNA.
Forming water molecules provides an example of covalent bonding.
The electron from the hydrogen splits its time between the hydrogen atoms' incomplete outer shell and the oxygen atoms' incomplete outer shell.
The two elements share the electrons to fill the outer shell of each, making both elements more stable.
Because of the unequal electron distribution between the atoms of different elements, a slightly positive or slightly negative charge develops.
This partial charge is an important property of water and accounts for many of its characteristics.
Water is a polar molecule, with the hydrogen atoms acquiring a partial positive charge and the oxygen a partial negative charge.
Another way of stating this is that the probability of finding a shared electron near an oxygen nucleus is more likely than finding it near a hydrogen nucleus.
Since macromolecules often have atoms within them that differ in electronegativity, polar bonds are often present in organic molecules.
Nonpolar Covalent Bonds Nonpolar covalent bonds form between two atoms of the same element or between different elements that share electrons equally.
For example, molecular oxygen is nonpolar because the electrons distribute equally between the two oxygen atoms.
Carbon has four electrons in its outermost shell and needs four more to fill it.
It obtains these four from four hydrogen atoms, each atom providing one, making a stable outer shell of eight electrons.
Carbon and hydrogen do not have the same electronegativity but are similar; thus, nonpolar bonds form.
Carbon and hydrogen do not have the same electronegativity but are similar.
thus, nonpolar bonds form.
The hydrogen atoms each need one electron for their outermost shell, which is filled when it contains two electrons.
These elements share the electrons equally among the carbons and the hydrogen atoms, creating a nonpolar covalent molecule.
Both water and carbon dioxide have polar covalent bonds, but carbon dioxide is linear, so the partial charges on the molecule cancel each other out.
Hydrogen Bonds and Van Der Waals Interactions Ionic and covalent bonds between elements require energy to break.
Ionic bonds are not as strong as covalent, which determines their behavior in biological systems.
However, not all bonds are ionic or covalent bonds.
Weaker bonds can also form between molecules.
Two weak bonds that occur frequently are hydrogen bonds and van der Waals interactions.
Without these two types of bonds, life as we know it would not exist.
Hydrogen bonds provide many of the critical, life-sustaining properties of water and also stabilize the structures of proteins and DNA, the building block of cells.
Because the hydrogen is slightly positive, it will be attracted to neighboring negative charges.
When this happens, a weak interaction occurs between the hydrogen's δ+ from one molecule and the molecule's δ– charge on another molecule with the more electronegative atoms, usually oxygen.
Scientists call this interaction a hydrogen bond.
This type of bond is common and occurs regularly between water molecules.
easily broken; however, they occur in very large numbers in water and in organic polymers, creating a major force in combination.
however, they occur in very large numbers in water and in organic polymers, creating a major force in combination.
Hydrogen bonds are also responsible for zipping together the DNA double helix.
Like hydrogen bonds, van der Waals interactions are weak attractions or interactions between molecules.
Van der Waals attractions can occur between any two or more molecules and are dependent on slight fluctuations of the electron densities, which are not always symmetrical around an atom.
For these attractions to happen, the molecules need to be very close to one another.
These bonds—along with ionic, covalent, and hydrogen bonds—contribute to the proteins' three-dimensional structure in our cells that is necessary for their proper function.
hydrogen bonds—contribute to the proteins' three-dimensional structure in our cells that is necessary for their proper function.
Pharmaceutical Chemist Pharmaceutical chemists are responsible for developing new drugs and trying to determine the mode of action of both old and new drugs.
They are involved in every step of the drug development process.
We can find drugs in the natural environment or we can synthesize them in the laboratory.
Then, the process of approving the drug for human use begins.
In the United States, the Food and Drug Administration handles drug approval.
This involves a series of large-scale experiments using human subjects to ensure the drug is not harmful and effectively treats the condition for which it is intended.
This process often takes several years and requires the participation of physicians and scientists, in addition to chemists, to complete testing and gain approval.
An example of a drug that was originally discovered in a living organism is Paclitaxel, an anti-cancer drug used to treat breast cancer.
This drug was discovered in the bark of the pacific yew tree.
Another example is aspirin, originally isolated from willow tree bark.
Sometimes, traditional medicine can give modern medicine clues as to where to find an active compound.
For example, mankind has used willow bark to make medicine for thousands of years, dating back to ancient Egypt.
However, it was not until the late 1800s that scientists and pharmaceutical companies purified and marketed the aspirin molecule, acetylsalicylic acid, for human use.
Occasionally, drugs developed for one use have unforeseen effects that allow usage in other, unrelated ways.
For example, scientists originally developed the drug minoxidil to treat high blood pressure.
When tested on humans, researchers noticed that individuals taking the drug would grow new hair.
Eventually the pharmaceutical company marketed the drug to people with baldness to restore lost hair.
Finally, a pharmaceutical chemist may discover negative effects or even lack of effects.
In the early 1960s, inventors, doctors, and even a U.S. senator claimed anti-cancer properties of a new drug, Krebiozen, and began to market and sell it aggressively.
even a U.S. senator claimed anti-cancer properties of a new drug, Krebiozen.
Through the process of infrared spectrometry, FDA chemist Alma Levant Hayden and her team discovered that the "miracle drug" was nothing more than a common compound called creatine.
A pharmaceutical chemist's career may involve detective work, experimentation, and drug development, all with the goal of making human beings healthier.
A pharmaceutical chemist's career may involve detective work, experimentation.
Water is one of the more abundant molecules and the one most critical to life on Earth.
Water comprises approximately 60–70 percent of the human body.
The polarity of the water molecule and its resulting hydrogen bonding make water a unique substance with special properties that are intimately tied to the processes of life.
Life originally evolved in a watery environment, and most of an organism's cellular chemistry and metabolism occur inside the watery contents of the cell's cytoplasm.
Life originally evolved in a watery environment.
As a result of water's polarity, each water molecule attracts other water molecules because of the opposite charges between water molecules, forming hydrogen bonds.
Water also attracts or is attracted to other polar molecules and ions.
A good example of this is vinegar and oil salad dressing.
We call such nonpolar compounds hydrophobic.
The polarity of water is due to the differing electronegativities of hydrogen and oxygen.
As a consequence, hydrogen bonds are formed when the slightly negative oxygen on one water molecule is attracted to the slightly positive hydrogen of another water molecule.
Water's States: Gas, Liquid, and Solid The formation of hydrogen bonds is an important quality of the liquid water that is crucial to life as we know it.
Solid The formation of hydrogen bonds is an important quality of the liquid water that is crucial to life as we know it.
In liquid water, hydrogen bonds constantly form and break as the water molecules slide past each other.
The water molecules' motion causes the bonds to break due to the heat contained in the system.
Water's lower density in its solid form is due to the way hydrogen bonds orient as they freeze: the water molecules push farther apart compared to liquid water.
In lakes and ponds, ice will form on the water's surface creating an insulating barrier that protects the animals and plant life in the pond from freezing.
The expansion of ice relative to liquid water causes the detrimental effect of freezing on living organisms.
The ice crystals that form upon freezing rupture the delicate membranes essential for living cells to function, irreversibly damaging them.
Cells can only survive freezing if another liquid like glycerol temporarily replaces the water in them.
The lattice structure of ice makes it less dense than the liquid water's freely flowing molecules, enabling it to float on water.
Water's High Heat Capacity Water's high heat capacity is a property that hydrogen bonding among water molecules causes.
Water has the highest specific heat capacity of any liquid.
We define specific heat as the amount of heat one gram of a substance must absorb or lose to change its temperature by one degree Celsius.
For water, this amount is one calorie.
It therefore takes water a long time to heat and a long time to cool.
In fact, water's specific heat capacity is about five times more than that of sand.
This explains why the land cools faster than the sea.
Water's Heat of Vaporization Water also has a high heat of vaporization, the amount of energy required to change one gram of a liquid substance to a gas.
A considerable amount of heat energy is required to accomplish this change in water.
This process occurs on the water's surface.
As liquid water heats up, hydrogen bonding makes it difficult to separate the liquid water molecules from each other, which is required for it to enter its gaseous phase.
As the water evaporates, energy is taken up by the process, cooling the environment where the evaporation is taking place.
In many living organisms, including in humans, the evaporation of sweat, which is 90 percent water, allows the organism to cool so that it can maintain homeostasis of body temperature.
Water's Solvent Properties Since water is a polar molecule with slightly positive and slightly negative charges, ions and polar molecules can readily dissolve in it.
Therefore, we refer to water as a solvent, a substance capable of dissolving other polar molecules and ionic compounds.
The charges associated with these molecules will form hydrogen bonds with water, surrounding the particle with water molecules.
When we add ionic compounds to water, the individual ions react with the water molecules' polar regions and their ionic bonds are disrupted in the process of dissociation.
The partially negative charge of the water molecule's oxygen surrounds the positively charged sodium ion.
The hydrogen's partially positive charge on the water molecule surrounds the negatively charged chloride ion.
Before it overflows, the water forms a dome-like shape above the rim of the glass.
This water can stay above the glass because of the property of cohesion.
Cohesion allows for surface tension, the capacity of a substance to withstand rupturing when placed under tension or stress.
This is also why water forms droplets when on a dry surface rather than flattening by gravity.
When we place a small scrap of paper onto a water droplet, the paper floats on top even though paper is denser than the water.
Cohesion and surface tension keep the water molecules' hydrogen bonds intact and support the item floating on the top.
A needle's weight pulls the surface downward.
At the same time, the surface tension pulls it up, suspending it on the water's surface preventing it from sinking.
These cohesive forces are related to water's property of adhesion, or the attraction between water molecules and other molecules.
These cohesive forces are related to water's property of adhesion.
The adhesive forces exerted by the glass' internal surface exceeding the cohesive forces between the water molecules themselves causes capillary action in a glass tube.
Cohesive and adhesive forces are important for transporting water from the roots to the leaves in plants.
These forces create a "pull" on the water column.
This pull results from the tendency of water molecules evaporating on the plant's surface to stay connected to water molecules below them, and so they are pulled along.
This pull results from the tendency of water molecules evaporating on the plant's surface to stay connected to water molecules below them.
so they are pulled along.
Plants use this natural phenomenon to help transport water from their roots to their leaves.
Without these properties of water, plants would be unable to receive the water and the dissolved minerals they require.
pH, Buffers, Acids, and Bases The pH of a solution indicates its acidity or basicity.
Bases The pH of a solution indicates its acidity or basicity.
You may have used litmus or pH paper, filter paper treated with a natural water-soluble dye for use as a pH indicator.
It tests how much acid or base exists in a solution.
You might have even used some to test whether the water in a swimming pool is properly treated.
Hydrogen ions spontaneously generate in pure water by the dissociation of a small percentage of water molecules into equal numbers of hydrogen ions and hydroxide ions.
Still, by convention, scientists refer to hydrogen ions and their concentration as if they were free in this state in liquid water.
Moles are a way to express the amount of a substance.
Therefore, 1 mole of water is equal to 6.02 × 1023 water molecules.
We calculate the pH as the negative of the base 10 logarithm of this concentration.
Non-neutral pH readings result from dissolving acids or bases in water.
Using the negative logarithm to generate positive integers, high concentrations of hydrogen ions yield a low pH number; whereas, low levels of hydrogen ions result in a high pH.
whereas, low levels of hydrogen ions result in a high pH.
An acid is a substance that increases hydrogen ions' concentration in a solution, usually by having one of its hydrogen atoms dissociate.
The stronger the acid, the more readily it donates H+.
Conversely, strong bases are those substances that readily donate OH– or take up hydrogen ions.
Sodium hydroxide and many household cleaners are highly alkaline and give up OH– rapidly when we place them in water, thereby raising the pH.
This is close enough to a neutral pH that marine organisms have adapted in order to live and thrive in a saline environment.
Anything below 7.0 is acidic, and anything above 7.0 is alkaline.
Anything below 7.0 is acidic.
anything above 7.0 is alkaline.
Extremes in pH in either direction from 7.0 are usually inhospitable to life.
However, the environment in the stomach is highly acidic, with a pH of 1 to 2.
The answer is that they cannot do it and are constantly dying.
The stomach constantly produces new cells to replace dead ones, which stomach acids digest.
Scientists estimate that the human body completely replaces the stomach lining every seven to ten days.
The pH scale measures hydrogen ions' concentration in a solution.
Buffers are the key.
Buffers readily absorb excess H+ or OH–, keeping the body's pH carefully maintained in the narrow range required for survival.
The buffer maintaining the pH of human blood involves carbonic acid, bicarbonate ion, and carbon dioxide.
The buffer maintaining the pH of human blood involves carbonic acid, bicarbonate ion.
When bicarbonate ions combine with free hydrogen ions and become carbonic acid, it removes hydrogen ions and moderates pH changes.
This prevents too many free hydrogen ions from building up in the blood and dangerously reducing the blood's pH.
This diagram shows the body's buffering of blood pH levels.
The blue arrows show the process of raising pH as more CO2 is made.
The purple arrows indicate the reverse process: the lowering of pH as more bicarbonate is created.
Other examples of buffers are antacids that some people use to combat excess stomach acid.
Water's unique properties that contribute to this capacity to balance pH—as well as water's other characteristics—are essential to sustaining life on Earth.
Many complex molecules called macromolecules, such as proteins, nucleic acids, carbohydrates, and lipids comprise cells.
lipids comprise cells.
The macromolecules are a subset of organic molecules that are especially important for life.
The fundamental component for all of these macromolecules is carbon.
Individual carbon atoms have an incomplete outermost electron shell.
With an atomic number of 6, the first two electrons fill the inner shell, leaving four in the second shell.
Therefore, carbon atoms can form up to four covalent bonds with other atoms to satisfy the octet rule.
The methane molecule provides an example: it has the chemical formula CH4.
Each of its four hydrogen atoms forms a single covalent bond with the carbon atom by sharing a pair of electrons.
Hydrocarbons Hydrocarbons are organic molecules consisting entirely of carbon and hydrogen, such as methane described above.
We often use hydrocarbons in our daily lives as fuels—like the propane in a gas grill or the butane in a lighter.
The many covalent bonds between the atoms in hydrocarbons store a great amount of energy, which releases when these molecules burn.
The shape of its electron orbitals determines the shape of the methane molecule's geometry, where the atoms reside in three dimensions.
The carbons and the four hydrogen atoms form a tetrahedron, with four triangular faces.
For this reason, we describe methane as having tetrahedral geometry.
As the backbone of the large molecules of living things, hydrocarbons may exist as linear carbon chains, carbon rings, or combinations of both.
As the backbone of the large molecules of living things, hydrocarbons may exist as linear carbon chains, carbon rings.
Furthermore, individual carbon-to-carbon bonds may be single, double, or triple covalent bonds, and each type of bond affects the molecule's geometry in a specific way.
Furthermore, individual carbon-to-carbon bonds may be single, double, or triple covalent bonds.
each type of bond affects the molecule's geometry in a specific way.
Furthermore, individual carbon-to-carbon bonds may be single, double.
triple covalent bonds, and each type of bond affects the molecule's geometry in a specific way.
This three-dimensional shape or conformation of the large molecules of life is critical to how they function.
Hydrocarbon Chains Successive bonds between carbon atoms form hydrocarbon chains.
ethyne serve as examples of how different carbon-to-carbon bonds affect the molecule's geometry.
The names of all three molecules start with the prefix "eth-," which is the prefix for two carbon hydrocarbons.
The suffixes "-ane," "-ene," and "-yne" refer to the presence of single, double, or triple carbon-carbon bonds, respectively.
The suffixes "-ane," "-ene," and "-yne" refer to the presence of single, double.
Thus, propane, propene, and propyne follow the same pattern with three carbon molecules, butane, butene, and butyne for four carbon molecules, and so on.
propyne follow the same pattern with three carbon molecules, butane, butene.
These geometries have a significant impact on the shape a particular molecule can assume.
When two carbon atoms form a double bond, the shape is planar, or flat.
When two carbon atoms form a double bond, the shape is planar.
Single bonds, like those in ethane, are able to rotate.
Double bonds, like those in ethene, cannot rotate, so the atoms on either side are locked in place.
Another type of hydrocarbon, aromatic hydrocarbons, consists of closed rings of carbon atoms with alternating single and double bonds.
Examples of biological molecules that incorporate the benzene ring include some amino acids and cholesterol and its derivatives, including the hormones estrogen and testosterone.
We also find the benzene ring in the herbicide 2,4-D. Benzene is a natural component of crude oil and has been classified as a carcinogen.
Some hydrocarbons have both aliphatic and aromatic portions.
Beta-carotene is an example of such a hydrocarbon.
Carbon can form five- and six-membered rings.
Single or double bonds may connect the carbons in the ring, and nitrogen may be substituted for carbon.
Single or double bonds may connect the carbons in the ring.
nitrogen may be substituted for carbon.
Isomers The three-dimensional placement of atoms and chemical bonds within organic molecules is central to understanding their chemistry.
We call molecules that share the same chemical formula but differ in the placement of their atoms and/or chemical bonds isomers.
For example, butane is suited for use as a fuel for cigarette lighters and torches.
Geometric isomers, alternatively have similar placements of their covalent bonds but differ in how these bonds are made to the surrounding atoms, especially in carbon-to-carbon double bonds.
When the carbons are bound on the same side of the double bond, this is the cis configuration.
If they are on opposite sides of the double bond, it is a trans configuration.
In the trans configuration, the carbons form a more or less linear structure; whereas, the carbons in the cis configuration make a bend of the carbon backbone.
In the trans configuration, the carbons form a more or less linear structure.
whereas, the carbons in the cis configuration make a bend of the carbon backbone.
Structural isomers have a different covalent arrangement of atoms.
Geometric isomers have a different arrangement of atoms around a double bond.
Enantiomers are mirror images of each other.
a. Molecules with the formulas CH3CH2COOH and C3H6O2 could be structural isomers.
b. Molecules must have a double bond to be cis-trans isomers.
To be enantiomers, a molecule must have at least three different atoms or groups connected to a central carbon.
To be enantiomers, a molecule must have at least four different atoms or groups connected to a central carbon.
Fats with at least one double bond between carbon atoms are unsaturated fats.
Alternatively, triglycerides with trans double bonds, have relatively linear fatty acids that are able to pack tightly together at room temperature and form solid fats.
In the human diet, trans fats are linked to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, so many food manufacturers have reduced or eliminated their use in recent years.
In contrast to unsaturated fats, we call triglycerides without double bonds between carbon atoms saturated fats, meaning that they contain all the hydrogen atoms available.
Saturated fats are a solid at room temperature and usually of animal origin.
Enantiomers Enantiomers are molecules that share the same chemical structure and chemical bonds but differ in the three- dimensional placement of atoms so that they are non-superimposable mirror images.
In nature, the L-forms of amino acids are predominant in proteins.
Some D forms of amino acids are seen in the cell walls of bacteria and polypeptides in other organisms.
Similarly, the D-form of glucose is the main product of photosynthesis and we rarely see the molecule's L-form in nature.
The L/D naming system is from the Latin words for left and right: laevus and dexter, respectively.
This example shows the L and D isomers of the amino acid alanine.
Functional Groups Functional groups are groups of atoms that occur within molecules and confer specific chemical properties to those molecules.
We find them along the "carbon backbone" of macromolecules.
Molecules with other elements in their carbon backbone are substituted hydrocarbons.
The functional groups in a macromolecule are usually attached to the carbon backbone at one or several different places along its chain and/or ring structure.
A functional group can participate in specific chemical reactions.
They include: hydroxyl, methyl, carbonyl, carboxyl, amino, phosphate, and sulfhydryl.
They include: hydroxyl, methyl, carbonyl, carboxyl, amino, phosphate.
These groups play an important role in forming molecules like DNA, proteins, carbohydrates, and lipids.
These groups play an important role in forming molecules like DNA, proteins, carbohydrates.
We usually classify functional groups as hydrophobic or hydrophilic depending on their charge or polarity characteristics.
An example of a hydrophobic group is the nonpolar methyl molecule.
Among the hydrophilic functional groups is the carboxyl group in amino acids, some amino acid side chains, and the fatty acids that form triglycerides and phospholipids.
Among the hydrophilic functional groups is the carboxyl group in amino acids, some amino acid side chains.
This carboxyl group ionizes to release hydrogen ions from the COOH group resulting in the negatively charged COO- group.
This contributes to the hydrophilic nature of whatever molecule on which it is found.
Other functional groups, such as the carbonyl group, have a partially negatively charged oxygen atom that may form hydrogen bonds with water molecules, again making the molecule more hydrophilic.
These functional groups are in many different biological molecules.
R, also known as R-group, is an abbreviation for any group in which a carbon or hydrogen atom is attached to the rest of the molecule.
It ionic, covalent, and hydrogen bonds, as well as van der is comprised of elements.
hydrogen bonds, as well as van der is comprised of elements.
Hydrogen bonds allow ions homeostasis.
Acids and bases can change pH values, and other polar molecules to dissolve in water.
Acids and bases can change pH values.
but buffers tend to moderate the changes they cause.
Therefore, water is an excellent solvent.
the temperature rises, the hydrogen bonds between water continually break and form anew.
This allows for 2.3 Carbon the overall temperature to remain stable, although The unique properties of carbon make it a central part energy is added to the system.
Water also exhibits a of biological molecules.
Carbon binds to oxygen, high heat of vaporization, which is key to how hydrogen, and nitrogen covalently to form the many organisms cool themselves by evaporating sweat.
Carbon binds to oxygen, high heat of vaporization, which is key to how hydrogen.
nitrogen covalently to form the many organisms cool themselves by evaporating sweat.
Carbon has Water's cohesive forces allow for the property of four electrons in its outermost shell and can form four surface tension; whereas, we see its adhesive bonds.
Carbon has Water's cohesive forces allow for the property of four electrons in its outermost shell and can form four surface tension.
whereas, we see its adhesive bonds.
Carbon and hydrogen can form hydrocarbon properties as water rises inside capillary tubes.
a. Molecules with the formulas CH3CH2COOH and C3H6O2 could be 2.
electrons with another atom to achieve a full b. Molecules must have a double bond to be valence shell, the most stable electron cis-trans isomers.
How many electrons do elements in groups 14 d.
Atoms that vary in the number of neutrons found 7.
Which type of bond represents a weak chemical in their nuclei are called ________.
a. Water is polar.
a. shells 1 and 2 are full, and shell 3 has nine b. Water stabilizes temperature.
a. shells 1 and 2 are full.
shell 3 has nine b. Water stabilizes temperature.
c. Water is essential for life.
Acids and bases will neutralize each other.
d. Water is the most abundant molecule in c. Acids, but not bases, can change the pH of the Earth's atmosphere.
Acids donate hydroxide ions.
Each carbon atom can bond with as many b. increase as________ other atom or molecule.
c. stay the same a. one d. cannot tell without testing b. two c. six 10.
We call a molecule that binds up excess d. four hydrogen ions in a solution a ________.
d. carbonyl a. Acids and bases cannot mix together.
What makes ionic bonds different from covalent 17.
What property of carbon makes it essential for 15.