# Biology2e Chapter 17 — Biotechnology and Genomics
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 491

INTRODUCTION The study of nucleic acids began with the discovery of DNA, progressed to the study of genes and small fragments, and has now exploded to the field of genomics.
INTRODUCTION The study of nucleic acids began with the discovery of DNA, progressed to the study of genes and small fragments.
Genomics is the study of entire genomes, including the complete set of genes, their nucleotide sequence and organization, and their interactions within a species and with other species.
Genomics is the study of entire genomes, including the complete set of genes, their nucleotide sequence and organization.
DNA sequencing technology has contributed to advances in genomics.
These findings have helped anthropologists to better understand human migration and have aided the medical field through mapping human genetic diseases.
Genomic information can contribute to scientific understanding in various ways and knowledge in the field is quickly growing.
Biotechnology is the use of biological agents for technological advancement.
Biotechnology was used for breeding livestock and crops long before people understood the scientific basis of these techniques.
Since the discovery of the structure of DNA in 1953, the biotechnology field has grown rapidly through both academic research and private companies.
technology are in medicine and agriculture.
Pharmaceutical companies now commercially produce and test antibiotics for their potential to inhibit bacterial growth.
The phosphate groups on these molecules each have a net negative charge.
DNA has two complementary strands linked by hydrogen bonds between the paired bases.
Exposure to high temperatures can separate the two strands and cooling can reanneal them.
The DNA polymerase enzyme can replicate the DNA.
Unlike DNA, which is located in the eukaryotic cells' nucleus, RNA molecules leave the nucleus.
The most common type of RNA that researchers analyze is the messenger RNA because it represents the protein-coding genes that are actively expressed.
However, RNA molecules present some other challenges to analysis, as they are often less stable than DNA.
DNA and RNA Extraction To study or manipulate nucleic acids, one must first isolate or extract the DNA or RNA from the cells.
These enzymes break apart lipid molecules in the cell membranes and nuclear membranes.
Enzymes such as proteases and ribonucleases break down proteins and RNA, respectively.
Human genomic DNA is usually visible as a gelatinous, white mass.
One can store the DNA samples frozen at –80°C for several years.
This diagram shows the basic method of DNA extraction.
Scientists perform RNA analysis to study gene expression patterns in cells.
RNA is naturally very unstable because RNAses are commonly present in nature and very difficult to inactivate.
Similar to DNA, RNA extraction involves using various buffers and enzymes to inactivate macromolecules and preserve the RNA.
Gel Electrophoresis Because nucleic acids are negatively charged ions at neutral or basic pH in an aqueous environment, an electric field can mobilize them.
Gel electrophoresis is a technique that scientists use to separate molecules on the basis of size, using this charge.
One can separate the nucleic acids as whole chromosomes or fragments.
The nucleic acids load into a slot near the semisolid, porous gel matrix's negative electrode, and pulled toward the positive electrode at the gel's opposite end.
The nucleic acids load into a slot near the semisolid, porous gel matrix's negative electrode.
Smaller molecules move through the gel's pores faster than larger molecules.
This difference in the migration rate separates the fragments on the basis of size.
We can observe nucleic acids in a gel matrix using various fluorescent or colored dyes.
Researchers use PCR for many purposes in laboratories, such as cloning gene fragments to analyze genetic diseases, identifying contaminant foreign DNA in a sample, and amplifying DNA for sequencing.
Researchers use PCR for many purposes in laboratories, such as cloning gene fragments to analyze genetic diseases, identifying contaminant foreign DNA in a sample.
More practical applications include determining paternity and detecting genetic diseases.
Primers—short pieces of DNA complementary to each end of the target sequence combine with genomic DNA, Taq polymerase, and deoxynucleotides.
Primers—short pieces of DNA complementary to each end of the target sequence combine with genomic DNA, Taq polymerase.
Taq polymerase is a DNA polymerase isolated from the thermostable bacterium Thermus aquaticus that is able to withstand the high temperatures that scientists use in PCR.
Thermus aquaticus grows in the Lower Geyser Basin of Yellowstone National Park.
DNA fragments can also be amplified from an RNA template in a process called reverse transcriptase PCR.
The first step is to recreate the original DNA template strand by applying DNA nucleotides to the mRNA.
This requires the presence of an enzyme called reverse transcriptase.
After the cDNA is made, regular PCR can be used to amplify it.
LINK TO LEARNING Deepen your understanding of the polymerase chain reaction by watching this video.
Hybridization, Southern Blotting, and Northern Blotting Scientists can probe nucleic acid samples, such as fragmented genomic DNA and RNA extracts, for the presence of certain sequences.
Northern Blotting Scientists can probe nucleic acid samples, such as fragmented genomic DNA and RNA extracts, for the presence of certain sequences.
Scientists design and label short DNA fragments.
Gel electrophoresis separates the nucleic acid fragments according to their size.
Scientists can then probe the nucleic acid fragments that are bound to the membrane's surface with specific radioactively or fluorescently labeled probe sequences.
When scientists transfer DNA to a nylon membrane, they refer to the technique as Southern blotting.
When they transfer the RNA to a nylon membrane, they call it Northern blotting.
Scientists use Southern blots to detect the presence of certain DNA sequences in a given genome, and Northern blots to detect gene expression.
Scientists use Southern blots to detect the presence of certain DNA sequences in a given genome.
Northern blots to detect gene expression.
Scientists use Southern blotting to find a particular sequence in a DNA sample.
Scientists separate DNA fragments on a gel, transfer them to a nylon membrane, and incubate them with a DNA probe complementary to the sequence of interest.
Scientists separate DNA fragments on a gel, transfer them to a nylon membrane.
Northern blotting is similar to Southern blotting, but scientists run RNA on the gel instead of DNA.
In Western blotting, scientists run proteins on a gel and detect them using antibodies.
The technique offered methods to create new medicines and to overcome difficulties with existing ones.
Insulin at that time was only produced using pig and cow pancreases, and the life-saving substance was often in short supply.
Insulin at that time was only produced using pig and cow pancreases.
the life-saving substance was often in short supply.
Synthetic insulin, once mass produced, would solve that problem for many patients.
These early discoveries led to the "BioTech Boom," and spurred continued research and funding for newer and better ways to improve health.
A plasmid, or vector, is a small circular DNA molecule that replicates independently of the chromosomal DNA.
vector, is a small circular DNA molecule that replicates independently of the chromosomal DNA.
In cloning, scientists can use the plasmid molecules to provide a "folder" in which to insert a desired DNA fragment.
Plasmids are usually introduced into a bacterial host for proliferation.
An important feature of plasmid vectors is the ease with which scientists can introduce a foreign DNA fragment via the multiple cloning site.
The MCS is a short DNA sequence containing multiple sites that different commonly available restriction endonucleases can cut.
Restriction endonucleases recognize specific DNA sequences and cut them in a predictable manner.
They are naturally produced by bacteria as a defense mechanism against foreign DNA.
Many restriction endonucleases make staggered cuts in the two DNA strands, such that the cut ends have a 2- or 4-base single-stranded overhang.
We call proteins that are expressed from recombinant DNA molecules recombinant proteins.
Not all recombinant plasmids are capable of expressing genes.
The recombinant DNA may need to move into a different vector that is better designed for gene expression.
Scientists may also engineer plasmids to express proteins only when certain environmental factors stimulate them, so they can control the recombinant proteins' expression.
This diagram shows the steps involved in molecular cloning.
As a result, it was degraded by nucleases, but still used in the experiment.
The plasmid, on the other hand, is fine.
The will be white colonies only.
Cellular Cloning Unicellular organisms, such as bacteria and yeast, naturally produce clones of themselves when they replicate asexually by binary fission; this is known as cellular cloning.
Cellular Cloning Unicellular organisms, such as bacteria and yeast, naturally produce clones of themselves when they replicate asexually by binary fission.
this is known as cellular cloning.
Reproductive Cloning Reproductive cloning is a method scientists use to clone or identically copy an entire multicellular organism.
Most multicellular organisms undergo reproduction by sexual means, which involves genetic hybridization of two individuals, making it impossible to generate an identical copy or a clone of either parent.
Recent advances in biotechnology have made it possible to artificially induce mammal asexual reproduction in the laboratory.
This is a form of asexual reproduction.
If the egg is not fertilized, it remains a haploid egg and develops into a male.
The unfertilized egg is a parthenogenic, or virgin egg.
The unfertilized egg is a parthenogenic.
Some insects and reptiles lay parthenogenic eggs that can develop into adults.
Sexual reproduction requires two cells.
The zygote nucleus contains the genetic information to produce a new individual.
However, early embryonic development requires the cytoplasmic material contained in the egg cell.
This idea forms the basis for reproductive cloning.
Somatic cell nuclear transfer is the technique of transferring a diploid nucleus into an enucleated egg.
Scientists can use it for either therapeutic cloning or reproductive cloning.
The first cloned animal was Dolly, a sheep born in 1996.
The reproductive cloning success rate at the time was very low.
Since Dolly, scientists have cloned successfully several animals such as horses, bulls, and goats, although these animals often exhibit facial, limb, and cardiac abnormalities.
Since Dolly, scientists have cloned successfully several animals such as horses, bulls.
Therapeutic cloning produces stem cells in the attempt to remedy detrimental diseases or defects.
While some have met therapeutic cloning efforts with resistance because of bioethical considerations, new discoveries have identified additional opportunities for stem cell therapies.
These cells help the skin repair itself, and their discovery may have applications in treatments of skin disease and potentially other conditions, such as nerve damage.
These cells help the skin repair itself.
their discovery may have applications in treatments of skin disease and potentially other conditions, such as nerve damage.
Dolly the sheep was the first mammal to be cloned.
To create Dolly, they removed the nucleus from a donor egg cell.
They then introduced the nucleus from a second sheep into the cell, which divided to the blastocyst stage before they implanted it in a surrogate mother.
Genetic Engineering Genetic engineering is the alteration of an organism's genotype using recombinant DNA technology to modify an organism's DNA to achieve desirable traits.
The addition of foreign DNA in the form of recombinant DNA vectors generated by molecular cloning is the most common method of genetic engineering.
The organism that receives the recombinant DNA is a genetically modified organism.
If the foreign DNA comes from a different species, the host organism is transgenic.
Scientists have genetically modified bacteria, plants, and animals since the early 1970s for academic, medical, agricultural, and industrial purposes.
Scientists have genetically modified bacteria, plants.
In the US, GMOs such as Roundup-ready soybeans and borer-resistant corn are part of many common processed foods.
This technique, reverse genetics, has resulted in reversing the classic genetic methodology.
This method would be similar to damaging a body part to determine its function.
The classical genetic method would compare insects that cannot fly with insects that can fly, and observe that the non-flying insects have lost wings.
The classical genetic method would compare insects that cannot fly with insects that can fly.
Similarly, mutating or deleting genes provides researchers with clues about gene function.
We collectively call the methods they use to disable gene function gene targeting.
It is easy to see how biotechnology can be used for medicinal purposes.
species, the genetic basis of heritable diseases, and the invention of technology to manipulate and fix mutant genes provides methods to treat disease.
the invention of technology to manipulate and fix mutant genes provides methods to treat disease.
Biotechnology in agriculture can enhance resistance to disease, pest, and environmental stress, and improve both crop yield and quality.
Biotechnology in agriculture can enhance resistance to disease, pest.
Genetic Diagnosis and Gene Therapy Scientists call the process of testing for suspected genetic defects before administering treatment genetic diagnosis by genetic testing.
Depending on the inheritance patterns of a disease-causing gene, family members are advised to undergo genetic testing.
For example, doctors usually advise people diagnosed with breast cancer to have a biopsy so that the medical team can determine the genetic basis of cancer development.
Doctors base treatment plans on genetic test findings that determine the type of cancer.
If inherited gene mutations cause the cancer, doctors also advise other female relatives to undergo genetic testing and periodic screening for breast cancer.
Doctors also offer genetic testing for fetuses to determine the presence or absence of disease-causing genes in families with specific debilitating diseases.
Gene therapy is a genetic engineering technique used to cure disease.
More advanced forms of gene therapy try to correct the mutation at the original site in the genome, such as is the case with treatment of severe combined immunodeficiency.
Production of Vaccines, Antibiotics, and Hormones Traditional vaccination strategies use weakened or inactive forms of microorganisms to mount the initial immune response.
Hormones Traditional vaccination strategies use weakened or inactive forms of microorganisms to mount the initial immune response.
Modern techniques use the genes of microorganisms cloned into vectors to mass produce the desired antigen.
Doctors then introduce the antigen into the body to stimulate the primary immune response and trigger immune memory.
The medical field has used genes cloned from the influenza virus to combat the constantly changing strains of this virus.
Antibiotics are a biotechnological product.
Microorganisms, such as fungi, naturally produce them to attain an advantage over bacterial populations.
Cultivating and manipulating fungal cells produces antibiotics.
Scientists used recombinant DNA technology to produce large-scale quantities of human insulin in E. coli as early as 1978.
Previously, it was only possible to treat diabetes with pig insulin, which caused allergic reactions in humans because of differences in the gene product.
In addition, doctors use human growth hormone to treat growth disorders in children.
Researchers cloned the HGH gene from a cDNA library and inserted it into E. coli cells by cloning it into a bacterial vector.
Transgenic Animals Although several recombinant proteins in medicine are successfully produced in bacteria, some proteins require a eukaryotic animal host for proper processing.
For this reason, the desired genes are cloned and expressed in animals, such as sheep, goats, chickens, and mice.
For this reason, the desired genes are cloned and expressed in animals, such as sheep, goats, chickens.
We call animals that have been modified to express recombinant DNA transgenic animals.
Several human proteins are expressed in transgenic sheep and goat milk, and some are expressed in chicken eggs.
Several human proteins are expressed in transgenic sheep and goat milk.
some are expressed in chicken eggs.
Scientists have used mice extensively for expressing and studying recombinant gene and mutation effects.
Plants are the most important source of food for the human population.
Farmers developed ways to select for plant varieties with desirable traits long before modern-day biotechnology practices were established.
We call plants that have received recombinant DNA from other species transgenic plants.
Because foreign genes can spread to other species in the environment, extensive testing is required to ensure ecological stability.
Staples like corn, potatoes, and tomatoes were the first crop plants that scientists genetically engineered.
tomatoes were the first crop plants that scientists genetically engineered.
Transformation of Plants Using Agrobacterium tumefaciens Gene transfer occurs naturally between species in microbial populations.
Agrobacterium tumefaciens occur by DNA transfer from the bacterium to the plant.
Although the tumors do not kill the plants, they stunt the plants and they become more susceptible to harsh environmental conditions.
A. tumefaciens affects many plants such as walnuts, grapes, nut trees, and beets.
A. tumefaciens affects many plants such as walnuts, grapes, nut trees.
Researchers used the natural transfer of DNA from Agrobacterium to a plant host to introduce DNA fragments of their choice into plant hosts.
In nature, the disease-causing A. tumefaciens have a set of plasmids, Ti plasmids, that contain genes to produce tumors in plants.
DNA from the Ti plasmid integrates into the infected plant cell's genome.
Researchers manipulate the Ti plasmids to remove the tumor-causing genes and insert the desired DNA fragment for transfer into the plant genome.
The Ti plasmids carry antibiotic resistance genes to aid selection and researchers can propagate them in E. coli cells as well.
The Organic Insecticide Bacillus thuringiensis Bacillus thuringiensis is a bacterium that produces protein crystals during sporulation that are toxic to many insect species that affect plants.
Insects need to ingest Bt toxin in order to activate the toxin.
Insects that have eaten Bt toxin stop feeding on the plants within a few hours.
After the toxin activates in the insects' intestines, they die within a couple of days.
Modern biotechnology has allowed plants to encode their own crystal Bt toxin that acts against insects.
Scientists have cloned the crystal toxin genes from Bt and introduced them into plants.
Bt toxin is safe for the environment, nontoxic to humans and other mammals, and organic farmers have approved it as a natural insecticide.
Bt toxin is safe for the environment, nontoxic to humans and other mammals.
organic farmers have approved it as a natural insecticide.
The first GM crop on the market was the Flavr Savr Tomato in 1994.
Scientists used antisense RNA technology to slow the softening and rotting process caused by fungal infections, which led to increased shelf life of the GM tomatoes.
Additional genetic modification improved the tomato's flavor.
The Flavr Savr tomato did not successfully stay in the market because of problems maintaining and shipping the crop.
Genome mapping is the process of finding the locations of genes on each chromosome.
A genetic map is an illustration that lists genes and their location on a chromosome.
Genetic maps provide the big picture and use genetic markers.
A genetic marker is a gene or sequence on a chromosome that co-segregates with a specific trait.
Early geneticists called this linkage analysis.
Physical maps present the intimate details of smaller chromosome regions.
A physical map is a representation of the physical distance, in nucleotides, between genes or genetic markers.
Both genetic linkage maps and physical maps are required to build a genome's complete picture.
Human genome maps help researchers in their efforts to identify human disease-causing genes related to illnesses like cancer, heart disease, and cystic fibrosis.
Human genome maps help researchers in their efforts to identify human disease-causing genes related to illnesses like cancer, heart disease.
We can use genome mapping in a variety of other applications, such as using live microbes to clean up pollutants or even prevent pollution.
Research involving plant genome mapping may lead to producing higher crop yields or developing plants that better adapt to climate change.
Genetic Maps The study of genetic maps begins with linkage analysis, a procedure that analyzes the recombination frequency between genes to determine if they are linked or show independent assortment.
Scientists used the term linkage before the discovery of DNA.
Early geneticists relied on observing phenotypic changes to understand an organism's genotype.
Observations that certain traits were always linked and certain others were not linked came from studying the offspring of crosses between parents with different traits.
We call exchanging DNA between homologous chromosome pairs genetic recombination, which occurs by crossing over DNA between homologous DNA strands, such as nonsister chromatids.
Linkage analysis involves studying the recombination frequency between any two genes.
Recombination between genes A and B is more frequent than recombination between genes B and C because genes A and B are farther apart.
Therefore, a crossover is more likely to occur between them.
The generation of genetic maps requires markers, just as a road map requires landmarks.
Scientists based early genetic maps on using known genes as markers.
Scientists now use more sophisticated markers, including those based on non-coding DNA, to compare individuals' genomes in a population.
Although individuals of a given species are genetically similar, they are not identical.
Every individual has a unique set of traits.
These minor differences in the genome between individuals in a population are useful for genetic mapping purposes.
In general, a good genetic marker is a region on the chromosome that shows variability or polymorphism in the population.
Some genetic markers that scientists use in generating genetic maps are restriction fragment length polymorphisms, variable number of tandem repeats, microsatellite polymorphisms, and the single nucleotide polymorphisms.
Some genetic markers that scientists use in generating genetic maps are restriction fragment length polymorphisms, variable number of tandem repeats, microsatellite polymorphisms.
Every individual's DNA will give rise to a unique pattern of bands when cut with a particular set of restriction endonucleases.
Certain chromosome regions that are subject to polymorphism will lead to generating the unique banding pattern.
VNTRs are repeated sets of nucleotides present in DNA's non-coding regions.
Non-coding, or "junk," DNA has no known biological function; however, research shows that much of this DNA is actually transcribed.
Non-coding, or "junk," DNA has no known biological function.
however, research shows that much of this DNA is actually transcribed.
"junk," DNA has no known biological function; however, research shows that much of this DNA is actually transcribed.
The number of repeats may vary in a population's individual organisms.
Microsatellite polymorphisms are similar to VNTRs, but the repeat unit is very small.
SNPs are variations in a single nucleotide.
Some parts of the genome are recombination hotspots; whereas, others do not show a propensity for recombination.
Some parts of the genome are recombination hotspots.
whereas, others do not show a propensity for recombination.
For this reason, it is important to look at mapping information developed by multiple methods.
Physical Maps A physical map provides detail of the actual physical distance between genetic markers, as well as the number of nucleotides.
It is possible to determine the approximate distance between genetic markers using cytogenetic mapping, but not the exact distance.
Radiation hybrid mapping uses radiation, such as x-rays, to break the DNA into fragments.
We can adjust the radiation amount to create smaller or larger fragments.
This technique overcomes the limitation of genetic mapping, and we can adjust the radiation so that increased or decreased recombination frequency does not affect it.
This technique overcomes the limitation of genetic mapping.
we can adjust the radiation so that increased or decreased recombination frequency does not affect it.
Sequence mapping resulted from DNA sequencing technology that allowed for creating detailed physical maps with distances measured in terms of the number of base pairs.
An expressed sequence tag and a single sequence length polymorphism are common STSs.
An EST is a short STS that we can identify with cDNA libraries, while we obtain SSLPs from known genetic markers, which provide a link between genetic and physical maps.
An EST is a short STS that we can identify with cDNA libraries.
we obtain SSLPs from known genetic markers, which provide a link between genetic and physical maps.
A cytogenetic map shows the appearance of a chromosome after scientists stain and exam it under a microscope.
Genetic and Physical Maps Integration Genetic maps provide the outline and physical maps provide the details.
It is easy to understand why both genome mapping technique types are important to show the big picture.
Scientists use information from each technique in combination to study the genome.
Scientists are using genomic mapping with different model organisms for research.
Genome mapping is still an ongoing process, and as researchers develop more advanced techniques, they expect more breakthroughs.
Genome mapping is still an ongoing process.
as researchers develop more advanced techniques, they expect more breakthroughs.
Genome mapping is similar to completing a complicated puzzle using every piece of available data.
Mapping information generated in laboratories all over the world goes into central databases, such as GenBank at the National Center for Biotechnology Information.
Researchers are making efforts for the information to be more easily accessible to other researchers and the general public.
Just as we use global positioning systems instead of paper maps to navigate through roadways, NCBI has created a genome viewer tool to simplify the data-mining process.
The web page displays the comparison of the gene sequences of many organisms to the Human Insulin Receptor gene.
On the same page, there are other options to explore, not all are necessary for the task, however it might give more insight to the value of genome/gene comparisons.
LINK TO LEARNING Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man is a searchable online catalog of human genes and genetic disorders.
This website shows genome mapping information, and also details the history and research of each trait and disorder.
This website shows genome mapping information.
genome sequencing is a process that determines an entire genome's DNA sequence.
Whole-genome sequencing is a brute-force approach to problem solving when there is a genetic basis at the core of a disease.
Several laboratories now provide services to sequence, analyze, and interpret entire genomes.
Several laboratories now provide services to sequence, analyze.
For example, whole-exome sequencing is a lower-cost alternative to whole genome sequencing.
In exome sequencing, the doctor sequences only the DNA's coding, exon-producing regions.
In 2010, doctors used whole- exome sequencing to save a young boy whose intestines had multiple mysterious abscesses.
The child had several colon operations with no relief.
Finally, they performed whole-exome sequencing, which revealed a defect in a pathway that controls apoptosis.
The doctors used a bone-marrow transplant to overcome this genetic disorder, leading to a cure for the boy.
He was the first person to receive successful treatment based on a whole-exome sequencing diagnosis.
Today, human genome sequencing is more readily available and results are available within two days for about $1000.
The chain termination method involves DNA replication of a single-stranded template by using a primer and a regular deoxynucleotide, which is a monomer, or a single DNA unit.
The chain termination method involves DNA replication of a single-stranded template by using a primer and a regular deoxynucleotide, which is a monomer.
Scientists label each ddNTP with a different color of fluorophore.
When gel electrophoresis processes the reaction mixture after separating into single strands, the multiple newly replicated DNA strands form a ladder because of the differing sizes.
Because the ddNTPs are fluorescently labeled, each band on the gel reflects the DNA strand's size and the ddNTP that terminated the reaction.
The different colors of the fluorophore-labeled ddNTPs help identify the ddNTP incorporated at that position.
A dideoxynucleotide is similar in structure to a deoxynucleotide, but is missing the 3' hydroxyl group.
This figure illustrates Frederick Sanger's dideoxy chain termination method.
Using dideoxynucleotides, the DNA fragment can terminate at different points.
The DNA separates on the basis of size, and we can read these bands based on the fragments' size.
The DNA separates on the basis of size.
we can read these bands based on the fragments' size.
Then, with sequence computer assistance, scientists can analyze the fragments to see where their sequences overlap.
By matching overlapping sequences at each fragment's end, scientists can reform the entire DNA sequence.
The person then rips up each photograph with their hands, so that different size pieces are present from each copy.
The person then mixes all of the pieces together and asks you to reconstruct the photograph.
In a larger piece, you see that the same mountain is behind a lake.
A third fragment shows only the lake, but it reveals that there is a cabin on the shore of the lake.
Therefore, from looking at the overlapping information in these three fragments, you know that the picture contains a mountain behind a lake that has a cabin on its shore.
This is the principle behind reconstructing entire DNA sequences using shotgun sequencing.
This was sufficient for sequencing small genomes.
However, the desire to sequence larger genomes, such as that of a human, led to developing double-barrel shotgun sequencing, or pairwise-end sequencing.
However, the desire to sequence larger genomes, such as that of a human, led to developing double-barrel shotgun sequencing.
In pairwise-end sequencing, scientists analyze each fragment's end for overlap.
Pairwise-end sequencing is, therefore, more cumbersome than shotgun sequencing, but it is easier to reconstruct the sequence because there is more available information.
These automated low-cost sequencers can generate sequences of hundreds of thousands or millions of short fragments in the span of one day.
These sequencers use sophisticated software to get through the cumbersome process of putting all the fragments in order.
Comparing Sequences A sequence alignment is an arrangement of proteins, DNA, or RNA.
Comparing Sequences A sequence alignment is an arrangement of proteins, DNA.
Scientists use it to identify similar regions between cell types or species, which may indicate function or structure conservation.
We can use sequence alignments to construct phylogenetic trees.
The following website uses a software program called BLAST.
The search will take some amount of time before the results are displayed.
The result is that this sequence occurs in over a hundred places in the human genome.
This will bring you to a page that shows the sequence's location within the entire human genome.
You can move the slider that looks like a colored flag back and forth to view the sequences immediately around the selected gene.
You can then return to your selected sequence by clicking the "ATG" button.
Other scientists later sequenced several other organelle and viral genomes.
American biotechnologist, biochemist, geneticist, and businessman Craig Venter sequenced the bacterium Haemophilus influenzae in the 1980s.
businessman Craig Venter sequenced the bacterium Haemophilus influenzae in the 1980s.
By 1997, the genome sequences of two important model organisms were available: the bacterium Escherichia coli K12 and the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
We now know the genomes of other model organisms, such as the mouse Mus musculus, the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster, the nematode Caenorhabditis.
humans Homo sapiens.
Researchers perform extensive basic research in model organisms because they can apply the information to genetically similar organisms.
A model organism is a species that researchers use as a model to understand the biological processes in other species that the model organism represents.
The process of attaching biological information to gene sequences is genome annotation.
Annotating gene sequences helps with basic experiments in molecular biology, such as designing PCR primers and RNA targets.
Although studying genome sequencing with medical applications is interesting, this discipline dwells on abnormal gene function.
This will allow for more informed decisions about lifestyle, medication, and having children.
This will allow for more informed decisions about lifestyle, medication.
Genomics is still in its infancy, although someday it may become routine to use whole-genome sequencing to screen every newborn to detect genetic abnormalities.
In addition to disease and medicine, genomics can contribute to developing novel enzymes that convert biomass to biofuel, which results in higher crop and fuel production, and lower consumer cost.
In addition to disease and medicine, genomics can contribute to developing novel enzymes that convert biomass to biofuel, which results in higher crop and fuel production.
This knowledge should allow better methods of control over the microbes that industry uses to produce biofuels.
Genomics could also improve monitoring methods that measure the impact of pollutants on ecosystems and help clean up environmental contaminants.
Genomics has aided in developing agrochemicals and pharmaceuticals that could benefit medical science and agriculture.
It sounds great to have all the knowledge we can get from whole-genome sequencing; however, humans have a responsibility to use this knowledge wisely.
It sounds great to have all the knowledge we can get from whole-genome sequencing.
however, humans have a responsibility to use this knowledge wisely.
Otherwise, it could be easy to misuse the power of such knowledge, leading to discrimination based on a person's genetics, human genetic engineering, and other ethical concerns.
Otherwise, it could be easy to misuse the power of such knowledge, leading to discrimination based on a person's genetics, human genetic engineering.
This information could also lead to legal issues regarding health and privacy.
Many fields, such as metagenomics, pharmacogenomics, and mitochondrial genomics are using genomics.
mitochondrial genomics are using genomics.
Health care professionals can recommend intervention with lifestyle changes and drugs before disease onset.
However, this approach is most applicable when the problem resides within a single gene defect.
Such defects only account for approximately 5 percent of diseases in developed countries.
In April 2010, scientists at Stanford University published the genome analysis of a healthy individual (Stephen Quake, a scientist at Stanford University, who had his genome sequenced.
The analysis predicted his propensity to acquire various diseases.
The medical team performed a risk assessment to analyze Quake's percentage of risk for 55 different medical conditions.
The team found a rare genetic mutation, which showed him to be at risk for sudden heart attack.
The results also predicted that Quake had a 23 percent risk of developing prostate cancer and a 1.4 percent risk of developing Alzheimer's.
The scientists used databases and several publications to analyze the genomic data.
Even though genomic sequencing is becoming more affordable and analytical tools are becoming more reliable, researchers still must address ethical issues surrounding genomic analysis at a population level.
A high PCA3 concentration in urine is indicative of prostate cancer.
The PCA3 test is a better indicator of cancer than the more well known PSA test, which measures the level of PSA in the blood.
In 2011, the United States Preventative Services Task Force recommended against using the PSA test to screen healthy people for prostate cancer.
Their recommendation is based on evidence that screening does not reduce the risk of death from prostate cancer.
Prostate cancer often develops very slowly and does not cause problems, while the cancer treatment can have severe side effects.
Prostate cancer often develops very slowly and does not cause problems.
the cancer treatment can have severe side effects.
The PCA3 test is more accurate, but screening may still result in people who would not have been harmed by the cancer itself suffering side effects from treatment.
Pharmacogenomics and Toxicogenomics Pharmacogenomics, or toxicogenomics, involves evaluating drug effectiveness and safety on the basis of information from an individual's genomic sequence.
toxicogenomics, involves evaluating drug effectiveness and safety on the basis of information from an individual's genomic sequence.
We can study genomic responses to drugs using experimental animals or live cells in the laboratory before embarking on studies with humans.
For example, genes involved in cellular growth and controlled cell death, when disturbed, could lead to cancerous cell growth.
Genome-wide studies can also help to find new genes involved in drug toxicity.
Medical professionals can use personal genome sequence information to prescribe medications that will be most effective and least toxic on the basis of the individual patient's genotype.
The gene signatures may not be completely accurate, but medical professionals can test them further before pathologic symptoms arise.
Traditionally, scholars have taught microbiology with the view that it is best to study microorganisms under pure culture conditions.
This involves isolating a single cell type and culturing it in the laboratory.
Because microorganisms can go through several generations in a matter of hours, their gene expression profiles adapt to the new laboratory environment very quickly.
In addition, the vast majority of bacterial species resist culturing in isolation.
Most microorganisms do not live as isolated entities, but in microbial communities or biofilms.
For all of these reasons, pure culture is not always the best way to study microorganisms.
Metagenomics is the study of the collective genomes of multiple species that grow and interact in an environmental niche.
Metagenomics involves isolating DNA from multiple species within an environmental niche.
The primary sources of fuel today are coal, oil, wood, and other plant products, such as ethanol.
The primary sources of fuel today are coal, oil, wood.
The microbial world is one of the largest resources for genes that encode new enzymes and produce new organic compounds, and it remains largely untapped.
The microbial world is one of the largest resources for genes that encode new enzymes and produce new organic compounds.
it remains largely untapped.
Microorganisms are used to create products, such as enzymes that are used in research, antibiotics, and other antimicrobial mechanisms.
Microorganisms are used to create products, such as enzymes that are used in research, antibiotics.
Microbial genomics is helping to develop diagnostic tools, improved vaccines, new disease treatments, and advanced environmental cleanup techniques.
Microbial genomics is helping to develop diagnostic tools, improved vaccines, new disease treatments.
Mitochondrial Genomics Mitochondria are intracellular organelles that contain their own DNA.
Mitochondrial DNA mutates at a rapid rate and scientists often use it to study evolutionary relationships.
Another feature that makes studying the mitochondrial genome interesting is that the mitochondrial DNA in most multicellular organisms passes from the mother during the fertilization process.
For this reason, scientists often use mitochondrial genomics to trace genealogy.
Experts have used information and clues from DNA samples at crime scenes as evidence in court cases, and they have used genetic markers in forensic analysis.
Experts have used information and clues from DNA samples at crime scenes as evidence in court cases.
they have used genetic markers in forensic analysis.
Genomic analysis has also become useful in this field.
The first publication showcasing the first use of genomics in forensics came out in 2001.
It was a collaborative attempt between academic research institutions and the FBI to solve the mysterious cases of anthrax communicated via the US Postal Service.
Using microbial genomics, researchers determined that the culprit used a specific anthrax strain in all the mailings.
Genomics in Agriculture Genomics can reduce the trials and failures involved in scientific research to a certain extent, which could improve agricultural crop yield quality and quantity.
Scientists use genomic data to identify desirable traits, and then transfer those traits to a different organism.
Scientists use genomic data to identify desirable traits.
Researchers are discovering how genomics can improve agricultural production's quality and quantity.
For example, scientists could use desirable traits to create a useful product or enhance an existing product, such as making a drought-sensitive crop more tolerant of the dry season.
Proteins are the final products of genes, which help perform the function that the gene encodes.
Amino acids comprise proteins and play important roles in the cell.
All enzymes are proteins that act as catalysts to affect the rate of reactions.
Proteins are also regulatory molecules, and some are hormones.
Proteins are also regulatory molecules.
some are hormones.
Transport proteins, such as hemoglobin, help transport oxygen to various organs.
In the diseased state, protein function can be impaired because of changes at the genetic level or because of direct impact on a specific protein.
A proteome is the entire set of proteins that a cell type produces.
We can study proteoms using the knowledge of genomes because genes code for mRNAs, and the mRNAs encode proteins.
We can study proteoms using the knowledge of genomes because genes code for mRNAs.
Although mRNA analysis is a step in the right direction, not all mRNAs are translated into proteins.
Proteomics is the study of proteomes' function.
Proteomics complements genomics and is useful when scientists want to test their hypotheses that they based on genes.
Even though all multicellular organisms' cells have the same set of genes, the set of proteins produced in different tissues is different and dependent on gene expression.
Thus, the genome is constant, but the proteome varies and is dynamic within an organism.
Although the genome provides a blueprint, the final architecture depends on several factors that can change the progression of events that generate the proteome.
Metabolomics is related to genomics and proteomics.
Metabolomics involves studying small molecule metabolites in an organism.
The metabolome is the complete set of metabolites that are related to an organism's genetic makeup.
Metabolomics offers an opportunity to compare genetic makeup and physical characteristics, as well as genetic makeup and environmental factors.
The goal of metabolome research is to identify, quantify, and catalogue all the metabolites in living organisms' tissues and fluids.
The goal of metabolome research is to identify, quantify.
Just as scientists analyze the genome using the basic DNA sequencing technique, proteomics requires techniques for protein analysis.
The basic technique for protein analysis, analogous to DNA sequencing, is mass spectrometry.
Advances in spectrometry have allowed researchers to analyze very small protein samples.
X-ray crystallography, for example, enables scientists to determine a protein crystal's three-dimensional structure at atomic resolution.
Another protein imaging technique, nuclear magnetic resonance, uses atoms' magnetic properties to determine the protein's three- dimensional structure in aqueous solution.
Scientists have also used protein microarrays to study protein interactions.
Scientists use computer software to analyze the vast amount of data for proteomic analysis.
Genomic- and proteomic-scale analyses are part of systems biology, which is the study of whole biological systems based on interactions within the system.
Researchers use information that they obtain from proteomics to identify novel drugs and to understand their mechanisms of action.
In this method, a transcription factor splits into a DNA-binding domain and an activator domain.
The binding domain is able to bind the promoter in the activator domain's absence, but it does not turn on transcription.
Transcription occurs only if the prey "catches" the bait.
Although mass spectrometry is good for detecting small protein amounts, variations in protein expression in diseased states can be difficult to discern.
Proteins are naturally unstable molecules, which makes proteomic analysis much more difficult than genomic analysis.
Cancer Proteomics Researchers are studying patients' genomes and proteomes to understand the genetic basis of diseases.
These approaches improve screening and early cancer detection.
Researchers are able to identify proteins whose expression indicates the disease process.
An individual protein is a biomarker; whereas, a set of proteins with altered expression levels is a protein signature.
An individual protein is a biomarker.
whereas, a set of proteins with altered expression levels is a protein signature.
The current problem with using biomarkers for early cancer detection is the high rate of false-negative results.
A false negative is an incorrect test result that should have been positive.
In other words, many cancer cases go undetected, which makes biomarkers unreliable.
Some examples of protein biomarkers in cancer detection are CA-125 for ovarian cancer and PSA for prostate cancer.
Protein signatures may be more reliable than biomarkers to detect cancer cells.
Researchers also use proteomics to predict the possibility of disease recurrence.
The National Cancer Institute has developed programs to improve cancer detection and treatment.
The Clinical Proteomic Technologies for Cancer and the Early Detection Research Network are efforts to identify protein signatures specific to different cancer types.
The Biomedical Proteomics Program identifies protein signatures and designs effective therapies for cancer patients.
PCR can amplify short DNA or RNA genetic markers on the basis of recombination stretches.
Researchers can use Southern and Northern frequencies during meiosis.
Physical maps provide blotting to detect the presence of specific short detailed information about the physical distance sequences in a DNA or RNA sample.
The most detailed information is may refer to cloning small DNA fragments (molecular available through sequence mapping.
Medical professionals perform genetic testing to identify disease-causing genes, and use gene therapy 17.3 Whole-Genome Sequencing to cure an inheritable disease.
Medical professionals perform genetic testing to identify disease-causing genes.
Whole-genome sequencing is the latest available resource to treat genetic diseases.
Some doctors are Transgenic organisms possess DNA from a different using whole-genome sequencing to save lives.
species, usually generated by molecular cloning Genomics has many industrial applications including techniques.
Vaccines, antibiotics, and hormones are biofuel development, agriculture, pharmaceuticals, and examples of products obtained by recombinant DNA pollution control.
hormones are biofuel development, agriculture, pharmaceuticals.
Scientists usually create transgenic plants sequencing strategies involves the chain termination to improve crop plant characteristics.
In a multicellular organism, and the decreased cost of whole-genome sequencing different cell types will have different proteomes, and may lead to personalized medicine in the future.
the decreased cost of whole-genome sequencing different cell types will have different proteomes.
these will vary with environmental changes.
Researchers are applying genomics to most fields of biology.
They use it for personalized medicine, Proteomics approaches rely on protein analysis.
prediction of disease risks at an individual level, Researchers are constantly upgrading these studying drug interactions before conducting clinical techniques.
Researchers have used proteomics to trials, and studying microorganisms in the environment study different cancer types.
Researchers have used proteomics to trials.
Medical professionals are as opposed to the laboratory.
They are also applying it using different biomarkers and protein signatures to to developments such as generating new biofuels, analyze each cancer type.
The future goal is to have a genealogical assessment using mitochondria, personalized treatment plan for each individual.
Their are planning to clone on the lab bench overnight recommendation is based on evidence that instead of storing it in the freezer.
Prostate cancer often develops experiment.
The plasmid, on the other hand, is very slowly and does not cause problems, while fine.
The plasmid, on the other hand, is very slowly and does not cause problems.
The PCA3 test is more accurate, but a. There will be no colonies on the bacterial screening may still result in people who would plate.
Should people in general be screened to find out 2.
GMOs are created by ________.
Gene therapy can be used to introduce foreign d. is recombinant DNA DNA into cells ________.
Bt toxin is considered to be ________.
The Flavr Savr Tomato: a. is a variety of vine-ripened tomato in the 16.
ESTs are ________.
the availability and stability of DNA a. is used to create a physical map d. all of the above b. is based on the natural recombination process 18.
Individual genetic maps in a given species are: an individual's children a. genetically similar d.
all of the above b. genetically identical c. genetically dissimilar 20.
Information obtained by microscopic analysis of diseased state stained chromosomes is used in: c.
A protein signature is: d. cytogenetic mapping a. the path followed by a protein after it is synthesized in the nucleus 14.
the path followed by a protein in the a. uses labeled ddNTPs cytoplasm b. uses only dideoxynucleotides c.
A researcher wants to study cancer cells from a patient with breast cancer.
How would a scientist introduce a gene for 29.
If you had a chance to get your genome 30.