# Biology2e Chapter 22 — Prokaryotes: Bacteria and Archaea
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 611

The spring's vivid blue color is from the prokaryotes that thrive in its very hot waters.
Based on differences in the structure of cell membranes and in rRNA, Woese and his colleagues proposed that all life on Earth evolved along three lineages, called domains.
Prokaryotes were the first inhabitants on Earth, appearing 3.5 to 3.8 billion years ago.
These organisms are abundant and ubiquitous; that is, they are present everywhere.
These organisms are abundant and ubiquitous.
that is, they are present everywhere.
Prokaryotes reside in the human digestive system and on the skin, are responsible for certain illnesses, and serve an important role in the preparation of many foods.
Prokaryotes reside in the human digestive system and on the skin, are responsible for certain illnesses.
Prokaryotes are ubiquitous.
They cover every imaginable surface where there is sufficient moisture, and they also live on and inside virtually all other living things.
They cover every imaginable surface where there is sufficient moisture.
they also live on and inside virtually all other living things.
In the typical human body, prokaryotic cells outnumber human body cells by about ten to one.
They comprise the majority of living things in all ecosystems.
Some prokaryotes thrive in environments that are inhospitable for most living things.
Prokaryotes have been on Earth since long before multicellular life appeared.
Indeed, eukaryotic cells are thought to be the descendants of ancient prokaryotic communities.
We now know that prokaryotes were likely the first forms of cellular life on Earth, and they existed for billions of years before plants and animals appeared.
We now know that prokaryotes were likely the first forms of cellular life on Earth.
they existed for billions of years before plants and animals appeared.
The Earth and its moon are dated at about 4.54 billion years in age.
This estimate is based on evidence from radiometric dating of meteorite material together with other substrate material from Earth and the moon.
Strong volcanic activity was common on Earth at this time, so it is likely that these first organisms—the first prokaryotes—were adapted to very high temperatures.
Microbial Mats Microbial mats or large biofilms may represent the earliest forms of prokaryotic life on Earth.
It is remarkable that cellular life appeared on Earth only a billion years after the Earth itself formed, suggesting that pre-cellular "life" that could replicate itself had evolved much earlier.
Microbial mats are only a few centimeters thick, and they typically grow where different types of materials interface, mostly on moist surfaces.
Microbial mats are only a few centimeters thick.
they typically grow where different types of materials interface, mostly on moist surfaces.
that is the reason for their various colors.
Prokaryotes in a microbial mat are held together by a glue-like sticky substance that they secrete called extracellular matrix.
The first microbial mats likely obtained their energy from chemicals found near hydrothermal vents.
A hydrothermal vent is a breakage or fissure in the Earth's surface that releases geothermally heated water.
The mat's colony of bacteria helps retain microbial nutrients.
Chimneys such as the one indicated by the arrow allow gases to escape.
In this micrograph, bacteria are visualized using fluorescence microscopy.
Stromatolites Fossilized microbial mats represent the earliest record of life on Earth.
Stromatolites form layered rocks made of carbonate or silicate.
For example, growing stromatolites have been found in the Anza-Borrego Desert State Park in San Diego County, California.
These living stromatolites are located in Shark Bay, Australia.
These fossilized stromatolites, found in Glacier National Park, Montana, are nearly 1.5 billion years old.
The Ancient Atmosphere Evidence indicates that during the first two billion years of Earth's existence, the atmosphere was anoxic, meaning that there was no molecular oxygen.
Therefore, only those organisms that can grow without oxygen—anaerobic organisms—were able to live.
they appeared within one billion years of the formation of Earth.
Then, cyanobacteria, also known as "blue-green algae," evolved from these simple phototrophs at least one billion years later.
The current evidence suggests that the increase in O2 concentrations allowed the evolution of other life forms.
This hot spring in Yellowstone National Park flows toward the foreground.
Cyanobacteria in the spring are green, and as water flows down the gradient, the intensity of the color increases as cell density increases.
Cyanobacteria in the spring are green.
as water flows down the gradient, the intensity of the color increases as cell density increases.
The water is cooler at the edges of the stream than in the center, causing the edges to appear greener.
Microbes Are Adaptable: Life in Moderate and Extreme Environments Some organisms have developed strategies that allow them to survive harsh conditions.
Almost all prokaryotes have a cell wall, a protective structure that allows them to survive in both hypertonic and hypotonic aqueous conditions.
Some soil bacteria are able to form endospores that resist heat and drought, thereby allowing the organism to survive until favorable conditions recur.
These adaptations, along with others, allow bacteria to remain the most abundant life form in all terrestrial and aquatic ecosystems.
Because they have specialized adaptations that allow them to live in extreme conditions, many extremophiles cannot survive in moderate environments.
There are many different groups of extremophiles: They are identified based on the conditions in which they grow best, and several habitats are extreme in multiple ways.
There are many different groups of extremophiles: They are identified based on the conditions in which they grow best.
several habitats are extreme in multiple ways.
For example, a soda lake is both salty and alkaline, so organisms that live in a soda lake must be both alkaliphiles and halophiles.
Deinococcus radiodurans, visualized in this false color transmission electron micrograph, is a prokaryote that can tolerate very high doses of ionizing radiation.
It has developed DNA repair mechanisms that allow it to reconstruct its chromosome even if it has been broken into hundreds of pieces by radiation or heat.
Prokaryotes in the Dead Sea One example of a very harsh environment is the Dead Sea, a hypersaline basin that is located between Jordan and Israel.
Hypersaline environments are essentially concentrated seawater.
Iron, calcium, and magnesium, elements that form divalent ions, produce what is commonly referred to as "hard" water.
magnesium, elements that form divalent ions, produce what is commonly referred to as "hard" water.
The Dead Sea is hypersaline.
Nevertheless, salt-tolerant bacteria thrive in this sea.
These halobacteria cells can form salt-tolerant bacterial mats.
The process of culturing bacteria is complex and is one of the greatest discoveries of modern science.
German physician Robert Koch is credited with discovering the techniques for pure culture, including staining and using growth media.
Microbiologists typically grow prokaryotes in the laboratory using an appropriate culture medium containing all the nutrients needed by the target organism.
The medium can be liquid, broth, or solid.
The medium can be liquid, broth.
Koch's assistant Julius Petri invented the Petri dish, whose use persists in today's laboratories.
Koch worked primarily with the Mycobacterium tuberculosis bacterium that causes tuberculosis and developed guidelines, called Koch's postulates, to identify the organisms responsible for specific diseases.
Koch's postulates continue to be widely used in the medical community.
Today, cultures remain a primary diagnostic tool in medicine and other areas of molecular biology.
In these agar plates, the growth medium is supplemented with red blood cells.
Blood agar becomes transparent in the presence of hemolytic Streptococcus, which destroys red blood cells and is used to diagnose Streptococcus infections.
The plate on the left is inoculated with non-hemolytic Staphylococcus, and the plate on the right is inoculated with hemolytic Streptococcus.
The plate on the left is inoculated with non-hemolytic Staphylococcus.
the plate on the right is inoculated with hemolytic Streptococcus.
If you look closely at the right plate, you can see that the agar surrounding the bacteria has turned clear.
Koch's postulates can be fully applied only to organisms that can be isolated and cultured.
Some prokaryotes, however, cannot grow in a laboratory setting.
In fact, over 99 percent of bacteria and archaea are unculturable.
Some bacteria cannot be cultured because they are obligate intracellular parasites and cannot be grown outside a host cell.
In other cases, culturable organisms become unculturable under stressful conditions, even though the same organism could be cultured previously.
Those organisms that cannot be cultured but are not dead are in a viable- but-non-culturable state.
The criteria for entering into the VBNC state are not completely understood.
It has been said that only a small fraction, perhaps one percent, of prokaryotes can be cultured under laboratory conditions.
Microbiologists use molecular techniques, such as the polymerase chain reaction, to amplify selected portions of DNA of prokaryotes, e.g., 16S rRNA genes, demonstrating their existence.
The Ecology of Biofilms Some prokaryotes may be unculturable because they require the presence of other prokaryotic species.
Until a couple of decades ago, microbiologists used to think of prokaryotes as isolated entities living apart.
This model, however, does not reflect the true ecology of prokaryotes, most of which prefer to live in communities where they can interact.
Biofilms typically grow attached to surfaces.
Some of the best-studied biofilms are composed of prokaryotes, although fungal biofilms have also been described, as well as some composed of a mixture of fungi and bacteria.
Biofilms are present almost everywhere: they can cause the clogging of pipes and readily colonize surfaces in industrial settings.
In recent, large-scale outbreaks of bacterial contamination of food, biofilms have played a major role.
They also colonize household surfaces, such as kitchen counters, cutting boards, sinks, and toilets, as well as places on the human body, such as the surfaces of our teeth.
They also colonize household surfaces, such as kitchen counters, cutting boards, sinks.
Interactions among the organisms that populate a biofilm, together with their protective exopolysaccharidic environment, make these communities more robust than free-living, or planktonic, prokaryotes.
Interactions among the organisms that populate a biofilm, together with their protective exopolysaccharidic environment, make these communities more robust than free-living.
The sticky substance that holds bacteria together also excludes most antibiotics and disinfectants, making biofilm bacteria hardier than their planktonic counterparts.
Overall, biofilms are very difficult to destroy because they are resistant to many common forms of sterilization.
During stage 1, initial attachment, bacteria adhere to a solid surface via weak van der Waals interactions.
During stage 3, maturation I, the biofilm grows through cell division and recruitment of other bacteria.
An extracellular matrix composed primarily of polysaccharides holds the biofilm together.
During stage 4, maturation II, the biofilm continues to grow and takes on a more complex shape.
During stage 5, dispersal, the biofilm matrix is partly broken down, allowing some bacteria to escape and colonize another surface.
Compared to free-floating bacteria, bacteria in biofilms often show increased resistance to antibiotics and detergents.
The name "prokaryote" suggests that prokaryotes are defined by exclusion—they are not eukaryotes, or organisms whose cells contain a nucleus and other internal membrane-bound organelles.
The name "prokaryote" suggests that prokaryotes are defined by exclusion—they are not eukaryotes.
Their chromosome—usually single—consists of a piece of circular, double-stranded DNA located in an area of the cell called the nucleoid.
Most prokaryotes have a cell wall outside the plasma membrane.
The cell wall functions as a protective layer, and it is responsible for the organism's shape.
it is responsible for the organism's shape.
Some bacterial species have a capsule outside the cell wall.
The capsule enables the organism to attach to surfaces, protects it from dehydration and attack by phagocytic cells, and makes pathogens more resistant to our immune responses.
The capsule enables the organism to attach to surfaces, protects it from dehydration and attack by phagocytic cells.
Some species also have flagella used for locomotion, and pili used for attachment to surfaces including the surfaces of other cells.
Some species also have flagella used for locomotion.
Plasmids, which consist of extra-chromosomal DNA, are also present in many species of bacteria and archaea.
Flagella, capsules, and pili are not found in all prokaryotes.
pili are not found in all prokaryotes.
Bacteria and Archaea are both prokaryotes but differ enough to be placed in separate domains.
An ancestor of modern Archaea is believed to have given rise to Eukarya, the third domain of life.
Major bacterial phyla include the Proteobacteria, the Chlamydias, the Spirochaetes, the photosynthetic Cyanobacteria, and the Gram-positive bacteria.
Major bacterial phyla include the Proteobacteria, the Chlamydias, the Spirochaetes, the photosynthetic Cyanobacteria.
Eukaryotic mitochondria are thought to be the descendants of alphaproteobacteria, while eukaryotic chloroplasts are derived from cyanobacteria.
Eukaryotic mitochondria are thought to be the descendants of alphaproteobacteria.
eukaryotic chloroplasts are derived from cyanobacteria.
Phylum Proteobacteria is one of up to 52 bacteria phyla.
Proteobacteria is further subdivided into five classes, Alpha through Epsilon.
Chlamydia, Spirochetes, Cyanobacteria, and Gram-positive bacteria are described in this table.
Gram-positive bacteria are described in this table.
Note that bacterial shape is not phylum-dependent; bacteria within a phylum may be cocci, rod-shaped, or spiral.
bacteria within a phylum may be cocci, rod-shaped, or spiral.
Note that bacterial shape is not phylum-dependent; bacteria within a phylum may be cocci, rod-shaped.
Archaea are separated into four phyla: the Korarchaeota, Euryarchaeota, Crenarchaeota, and Nanoarchaeota.
Archaea are separated into four phyla: the Korarchaeota, Euryarchaeota, Crenarchaeota.
The Plasma Membrane of Prokaryotes The prokaryotic plasma membrane is a thin lipid bilayer that completely surrounds the cell and separates the inside from the outside.
Its selectively permeable nature keeps ions, proteins, and other molecules within the cell and prevents them from diffusing into the extracellular environment, while other molecules may move through the membrane.
Its selectively permeable nature keeps ions, proteins.
other molecules within the cell and prevents them from diffusing into the extracellular environment, while other molecules may move through the membrane.
Its selectively permeable nature keeps ions, proteins, and other molecules within the cell and prevents them from diffusing into the extracellular environment.
other molecules may move through the membrane.
In archaeal cell membranes, isoprene chains linked to glycerol replace the fatty acids linked to glycerol in bacterial membranes.
Archaeal phospholipids differ from those found in Bacteria and Eukarya in two ways.
First, they have branched phytanyl sidechains instead of linear ones.
Second, an ether bond instead of an ester bond connects the lipid to the glycerol.
The Cell Wall of Prokaryotes The cytoplasm of prokaryotic cells has a high concentration of dissolved solutes.
Therefore, the osmotic pressure within the cell is relatively high.
The cell wall is a protective layer that surrounds some cells and gives them shape and rigidity.
It is located outside the cell membrane and prevents osmotic lysis.
The chemical composition of the cell wall varies between Archaea and Bacteria, and also varies between bacterial species.
The chemical composition of the cell wall varies between Archaea and Bacteria.
Bacterial cell walls contain peptidoglycan, composed of polysaccharide chains that are cross-linked by unusual peptides containing both L- and D-amino acids including D-glutamic acid and D-alanine.
S- layer proteins are also present on the outside of cell walls of both Archaea and Bacteria.
Bacteria are divided into two major groups: Gram positive and Gram negative, based on their reaction to Gram staining.
Note that all Gram-positive bacteria belong to two phyla; bacteria in the other phyla are Gram-negative.
bacteria in the other phyla are Gram-negative.
The Gram staining method is named after its inventor, Danish scientist Hans Christian Gram.
The different bacterial responses to the staining procedure are ultimately due to cell wall structure.
Up to 90 percent of the cell- wall in Gram-positive bacteria is composed of peptidoglycan, and most of the rest is composed of acidic substances called teichoic acids.
Up to 90 percent of the cell- wall in Gram-positive bacteria is composed of peptidoglycan.
Teichoic acids may be covalently linked to lipids in the plasma membrane to form lipoteichoic acids.
Lipoteichoic acids anchor the cell wall to the cell membrane.
This outer envelope is sometimes referred to as a second lipid bilayer.
The chemistry of this outer envelope is very different, however, from that of the typical lipid bilayer that forms plasma membranes.
Bacteria are divided into two major groups: Gram positive and Gram negative.
Both groups have a cell wall composed of peptidoglycan: in Gram-positive bacteria, the wall is thick, whereas in Gram-negative bacteria, the wall is thin.
Both groups have a cell wall composed of peptidoglycan: in Gram-positive bacteria, the wall is thick.
in Gram-negative bacteria, the wall is thin.
In Gram-negative bacteria, the cell wall is surrounded by an outer membrane that contains lipopolysaccharides and lipoproteins.
Porins are proteins in this cell membrane that allow substances to pass through the outer membrane of Gram-negative bacteria.
In Gram-positive bacteria, lipoteichoic acid anchors the cell wall to the cell membrane.
a. Gram-positive bacteria have a single cell wall anchored to the cell membrane by lipoteichoic acid.
b. Porins allow entry of substances into both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria.
The cell wall of Gram-negative bacteria is thick, and the cell wall of Gram-positive bacteria is thin.
The cell wall of Gram-negative bacteria is thick.
the cell wall of Gram-positive bacteria is thin.
Gram-negative bacteria have a cell wall made of peptidoglycan, whereas Gram-positive bacteria have a cell wall made of lipoteichoic acid.
Gram-negative bacteria have a cell wall made of peptidoglycan.
Gram-positive bacteria have a cell wall made of lipoteichoic acid.
Archaean cell walls do not have peptidoglycan.
One type is composed of pseudopeptidoglycan, which is similar to peptidoglycan in morphology but contains different sugars in the polysaccharide chain.
The other three types of cell walls are composed of polysaccharides, glycoproteins, or pure protein.
The other three types of cell walls are composed of polysaccharides, glycoproteins.
Other differences between Bacteria and Archaea are seen in.
Reproduction Reproduction in prokaryotes is asexual and usually takes place by binary fission.
Prokaryotes do not undergo mitosis; instead, the chromosome is replicated and the two resulting copies separate from one another, due to the growth of the cell.
Prokaryotes do not undergo mitosis.
instead, the chromosome is replicated and the two resulting copies separate from one another, due to the growth of the cell.
Binary fission does not provide an opportunity for genetic recombination or genetic diversity, but prokaryotes can share genes by three other mechanisms.
In transformation, the prokaryote takes in DNA shed by other prokaryotes into its environment.
If a nonpathogenic bacterium takes up DNA for a toxin gene from a pathogen and incorporates the new DNA into its own chromosome, it too may become pathogenic.
In transduction, bacteriophages, the viruses that infect bacteria, may move short pieces of chromosomal DNA from one bacterium to another.
Archaea also have viruses that may translocate genetic material from one individual to another.
The DNA transferred can be in the form of a plasmid or as a composite molecule, containing both plasmid and chromosomal DNA.
Reproduction can be very rapid: a few minutes for some species.
In transformation, the cell takes up prokaryotic DNA directly from the environment.
The DNA may remain separate as plasmid DNA or be incorporated into the host genome.
In transduction, a bacteriophage injects DNA into the cell that contains a small fragment of DNA from a different prokaryote.
Unlike with animals, artifacts in the fossil record of prokaryotes offer very little information.
Fossils of ancient prokaryotes look like tiny bubbles in rock.
Conversely, species that diverged long ago will have more genes that are dissimilar.
Scientists at the NASA Astrobiology Institute and at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory collaborated to 2 analyze the molecular evolution of 32 specific proteins common to 72 species of prokaryotes.
The model they derived from their data indicates that three important groups of bacteria—Actinobacteria, Deinococcus, and Cyanobacteria—were the first to colonize land.
The model they derived from their data indicates that three important groups of bacteria—Actinobacteria, Deinococcus.
Cyanobacteria—were the first to colonize land.
Actinobacteria are a group of very common Gram-positive bacteria that produce branched structures like fungal mycelia, and include species important in decomposition of organic wastes.
Actinobacteria are a group of very common Gram-positive bacteria that produce branched structures like fungal mycelia.
You will recall that Deinococcus is a genus of bacterium that is highly resistant to ionizing radiation.
It has a thick peptidoglycan layer in addition to a second external membrane, so it has features of both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria.
Cyanobacteria are photosynthesizers, and were probably responsible for the production of oxygen on the ancient earth.
Cyanobacteria are photosynthesizers.
Eukarya later diverged from the archaean line.
Prokaryotes are metabolically diverse organisms.
Since metabolism and metabolites are the product of enzyme pathways, and enzymes are encoded in genes, the metabolic capabilities of a prokaryote are a reflection of its genome.
enzymes are encoded in genes, the metabolic capabilities of a prokaryote are a reflection of its genome.
variable conditions to which prokaryotes may be able to adapt.
Prokaryotes have been able to live in every environment from deep-water volcanic vents to Antarctic ice by using whatever energy and carbon sources are available.
The very broad range of environments that prokaryotes occupy is possible because they have diverse metabolic processes.
Needs of Prokaryotes The diverse environments and ecosystems on Earth have a wide range of conditions in terms of temperature, available nutrients, acidity, salinity, oxygen availability, and energy sources.
Needs of Prokaryotes The diverse environments and ecosystems on Earth have a wide range of conditions in terms of temperature, available nutrients, acidity, salinity, oxygen availability.
Prokaryotes are very well equipped to make their living out of a vast array of nutrients and environmental conditions.
Macronutrients Cells are essentially a well-organized assemblage of macromolecules and water.
For cells to build all of the molecules required to sustain life, they need certain substances, collectively called nutrients.
When prokaryotes grow in nature, they must obtain their nutrients from the environment.
They are the components of organic compounds in cells, including water.
Carbon is the major element in all macromolecules: carbohydrates, proteins, nucleic acids, lipids, and many other compounds.
Carbon is the major element in all macromolecules: carbohydrates, proteins, nucleic acids, lipids.
Carbon accounts for about 50 percent of the composition of the cell.
In contrast, nitrogen represents only 12 percent of the total dry weight of a typical cell.
Nitrogen is a component of proteins, nucleic acids, and other cell constituents.
Nitrogen is a component of proteins, nucleic acids.
Diatomic nitrogen, however, can be converted into an organic form only by certain microorganisms, called nitrogen-fixing organisms.
Both hydrogen and oxygen are part of many organic compounds and of water.
Phosphorus is required by all organisms for the synthesis of nucleotides and phospholipids.
Sulfur is part of the structure of some amino acids such as cysteine and methionine, and is also present in several vitamins and coenzymes.
Sulfur is part of the structure of some amino acids such as cysteine and methionine.
Other important macronutrients are potassium, magnesium, calcium, and sodium.
Other important macronutrients are potassium, magnesium, calcium.
Although these elements are required in smaller amounts, they are very important for the structure and function of the prokaryotic cell.
These are referred to as micronutrients or trace elements.
For example, iron is necessary for the function of the cytochromes involved in electron-transport reactions.
Some prokaryotes require other elements—such as boron, chromium, and manganese—primarily as enzyme cofactors.
Some prokaryotes require other elements—such as boron, chromium.
The Ways in Which Prokaryotes Obtain Energy Prokaryotes are classified both by the way they obtain energy, and by the carbon source they use for producing organic molecules.
The Ways in Which Prokaryotes Obtain Energy Prokaryotes are classified both by the way they obtain energy.
These categories are summarized in.
Prokaryotes can use different sources of energy to generate the ATP needed for biosynthesis and other cellular activities.
Phototrophs obtain their energy from sunlight.
Phototrophs trap the energy of light using chlorophylls, or in a few cases, bacterial rhodopsin.
Phototrophs trap the energy of light using chlorophylls.
Chemotrophs obtain their energy from chemical compounds.
Energy-producing pathways may be either aerobic, using oxygen as the terminal electron acceptor, or anaerobic, using either simple inorganic compounds or organic molecules as the terminal electron acceptor.
Energy-producing pathways may be either aerobic, using oxygen as the terminal electron acceptor.
The Ways in Which Prokaryotes Obtain Carbon Prokaryotes not only can use different sources of energy, but also different sources of carbon compounds.
In contrast, heterotrophic prokaryotes obtain carbon from organic compounds.
Thus, photoautotrophs use energy from sunlight, and carbon from carbon dioxide and water, whereas chemoheterotrophs obtain both energy and carbon from an organic chemical source.
Thus, photoautotrophs use energy from sunlight.
Thus, photoautotrophs use energy from sunlight, and carbon from carbon dioxide and water.
chemoheterotrophs obtain both energy and carbon from an organic chemical source.
Chemolithoautotrophs obtain their energy from inorganic compounds, and they build their complex molecules from carbon dioxide.
Chemolithoautotrophs obtain their energy from inorganic compounds.
they build their complex molecules from carbon dioxide.
Prokaryotes play many roles in the environments they occupy.
The roles they play in the carbon and nitrogen cycles are vital to life on Earth.
In addition, the current scientific consensus suggests that metabolically interactive prokaryotic communities may have been the basis for the emergence of eukaryotic cells.
The carbon cycle traces the movement of carbon from inorganic to organic compounds and back again.
Carbon is cycled through Earth's major reservoirs: land, the atmosphere, aquatic environments, sediments and rocks, and biomass.
Carbon is cycled through Earth's major reservoirs: land, the atmosphere, aquatic environments, sediments and rocks.
In a way, the carbon cycle echoes the role of the "four elements" first proposed by the ancient Greek philosopher, Empedocles: fire, water, earth, and air.
In a way, the carbon cycle echoes the role of the "four elements" first proposed by the ancient Greek philosopher, Empedocles: fire, water, earth.
Carbon dioxide is removed from the atmosphere by land plants and marine prokaryotes, and is returned to the atmosphere via the respiration of chemoorganotrophic organisms, including prokaryotes, fungi, and animals.
Carbon dioxide is removed from the atmosphere by land plants and marine prokaryotes.
Although the largest carbon reservoir in terrestrial ecosystems is in rocks and sediments, that carbon is not readily available.
Participants in the carbon cycle are roughly divided among producers, consumers, and decomposers of organic carbon compounds.
Participants in the carbon cycle are roughly divided among producers, consumers.
The primary producers of organic carbon compounds from CO2 are land plants and photosynthetic bacteria.
A large amount of available carbon is found in living land plants.
A related source of carbon compounds is humus, which is a mixture of organic materials from dead plants and prokaryotes that have resisted decomposition.
Consumers such as animals and other heterotrophs use organic compounds generated by producers and release carbon dioxide to the atmosphere.
Other bacteria and fungi, collectively called decomposers, carry out the breakdown of plants and animals and their organic compounds.
In this case, the cycle is based on one-carbon compounds.
Prokaryotes play a significant role in continuously moving carbon through the biosphere.
Prokaryotes and the Nitrogen Cycle Nitrogen is a very important element for life because it is a major constituent of proteins and nucleic acids.
The largest pool of nitrogen available in the terrestrial ecosystem is gaseous nitrogen from the air, but this nitrogen is not usable by plants, which are primary producers.
Nitrogen-fixing bacteria include Azotobacter in soil and the ubiquitous photosynthetic cyanobacteria.
Some nitrogen fixing bacteria, like Rhizobium, live in symbiotic relationships in the roots of legumes.
Another source of ammonia is ammonification, the process by which ammonia is released during the decomposition of nitrogen-containing organic compounds.
The ammonium ion is progressively oxidized by different species of bacteria in a process called nitrification.
The nitrification process begins with the conversion of ammonium to nitrite, and continues with the conversion of nitrite to nitrate.
The nitrification process begins with the conversion of ammonium to nitrite.
Nitrification in soils is carried out by bacteria belonging to the genera Nitrosomas, Nitrobacter, and Nitrospira.
Nitrification in soils is carried out by bacteria belonging to the genera Nitrosomas, Nitrobacter.
Most nitrogen in soil is in the form of ammonium or nitrate.
Ammonia and nitrate can be used by plants or converted to other forms.
Ammonia released into the atmosphere, however, represents only 15 percent of the total nitrogen released; the rest is as N2 and N2O.
the rest is as N2 and N2O.
Ammonia is catabolized anaerobically by some prokaryotes, yielding N2 as the final product.
Denitrifying bacteria reverse the process of nitrification, reducing the nitrate from soils to gaseous compounds such as N2O, NO, and N2.
Denitrifying bacteria reverse the process of nitrification, reducing the nitrate from soils to gaseous compounds such as N2O, NO.
Prokaryotes play a key role in the nitrogen cycle.
a. Nitrogen-fixing bacteria exist on the root nodules of legumes and in the soil.
Denitrifying bacteria convert nitrates into nitrogen gas.
c. Ammonification is the process by which ammonium ion is released from decomposing organic compounds.
d. Nitrification is the process by which nitrites are converted to ammonium ion.
To a prokaryote, humans may be just another housing opportunity.
Unfortunately, the tenancy of some species can have harmful effects and cause disease.
Devastating pathogen-borne diseases and plagues, both viral and bacterial in nature, have affected humans and their ancestors for millions of years.
corpses and personal belongings of victims of illness, and sanitation practices reduced their own chances of getting sick.
sanitation practices reduced their own chances of getting sick.
Epidemiologists study how diseases are transmitted and how they affect a population.
Often, they must following the course of an epidemic—a disease that occurs in an unusually high number of individuals in a population at the same time.
In contrast, a pandemic is a widespread, and usually worldwide, epidemic.
In contrast, a pandemic is a widespread.
An endemic disease is a disease that is always present, usually at low incidence, in a population.
Long History of Bacterial Disease There are records about infectious diseases as far back as 3000 B.C.
A number of significant pandemics caused by bacteria have been documented over several hundred years.
Some of the most memorable pandemics led to the decline of cities and entire nations.
In the 21st century, infectious diseases remain among the leading causes of death worldwide, despite advances made in medical research and treatments in recent decades.
For a pathogen to cause disease, it must be able to reproduce in the host's body and damage the host in some way.
The plague impacted people living in overcrowded Athens as well as troops aboard ships that had to return to Athens.
The source of the plague may have been identified recently when researchers from the University of Athens were able to use DNA from teeth recovered from a mass grave.
This disease is commonly seen in overcrowded areas and has caused epidemics throughout recorded history.
Salmonella enterica serovar Typhi, the causative agent of Typhoid fever, is a Gram-negative, rod- shaped gamma proteobacterium.
Typhoid fever, which is spread through feces, causes intestinal hemorrhage, high fever, delirium, and dehydration.
Typhoid fever, which is spread through feces, causes intestinal hemorrhage, high fever, delirium.
Carriers of the disease can be asymptomatic.
In a famous case in the early 1900s, a cook named Mary Mallon unknowingly spread the disease to over fifty people, three of whom died.
Other serotypes of Salmonella cause food poisoning.
The population in Europe dropped by 50 percent during this outbreak.
Bubonic plague is caused by the bacterium Yersinia pestis.
The "buboes" of bubonic plague were painfully swollen areas of lymphatic tissue.
A pneumonic form of the plague, spread by the coughing and sneezing of infected individuals, spreads directly from human to human and can cause death within a week.
The pneumonic form was responsible for the rapid spread of the Black Death in Europe.
The Black Death reduced the world's population from an estimated 450 million to about 350 to 375 million.
Although contracting bubonic plague before antibiotics meant almost certain death, the bacterium responds to several types of modern antibiotics, and mortality rates from plague are now very low.
Although contracting bubonic plague before antibiotics meant almost certain death, the bacterium responds to several types of modern antibiotics.
mortality rates from plague are now very low.
The Great Plague of London killed an estimated 200,000 people, or about 20 percent of the city's population.
The Great Plague of London killed an estimated 200,000 people.
The causative agent, the bacterium Yersinia pestis, is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped bacterium from the class Gammaproteobacteria.
The disease is transmitted through the bite of an infected flea, which is carried on a rodent.
Symptoms include swollen lymph nodes, fever, seizure, vomiting of blood, and gangrene.
Symptoms include swollen lymph nodes, fever, seizure, vomiting of blood.
It has been estimated that up to 90 percent of Native Americans died from infectious diseases after the arrival of Europeans, making conquest of the New World a foregone conclusion.
Emerging and Re-emerging Diseases The distribution of a particular disease is dynamic.
Changes in the environment, the pathogen, or the host population can dramatically impact the spread of a disease.
the host population can dramatically impact the spread of a disease.
This definition also includes re-emerging diseases that were previously under control.
Approximately 75 percent of recently emerging infectious diseases affecting humans are zoonotic diseases.
Zoonoses are diseases that primarily infect animals but can be transmitted to humans; some are of viral origin and some are of bacterial origin.
Zoonoses are diseases that primarily infect animals but can be transmitted to humans.
some are of viral origin and some are of bacterial origin.
The map shows regions where bacterial diseases are emerging or re-emerging.
They devastated populations and became dormant for a while, just to come back, sometimes more virulent than before, as was the case with bubonic plague.
WHO has identified certain diseases whose worldwide re- emergence should be monitored.
Among these are three viral diseases, and three bacterial diseases.
The war against infectious diseases has no foreseeable end.
The disease is caused by a Gram-negative spirochete bacterium of the genus Borrelia.
The bacteria infect ticks, which in turn infect mice.
Deer are the preferred secondary host, but the ticks also may feed on humans.
Untreated, the disease causes chronic disorders in the nervous system, eyes, joints, and heart.
Untreated, the disease causes chronic disorders in the nervous system, eyes, joints.
The disease is named after Lyme, Connecticut, where an outbreak occurred in 1995 and has subsequently spread.
The disease is not new, however.
Foodborne Diseases Prokaryotes are everywhere: They readily colonize the surface of any type of material, and food is not an exception.
Foodborne Diseases Prokaryotes are everywhere: They readily colonize the surface of any type of material.
food is not an exception.
Outbreaks of bacterial infection related to food consumption are common.
A foodborne disease is an illness resulting from the consumption the pathogenic bacteria, viruses, or other parasites that contaminate food.
A foodborne disease is an illness resulting from the consumption the pathogenic bacteria, viruses.
The characteristics of foodborne illnesses have changed over time.
In the past, it was relatively common to hear about sporadic cases of botulism, the potentially fatal disease produced by a toxin from the anaerobic bacterium Clostridium botulinum.
Some of the most common sources for this bacterium were non-acidic canned foods, homemade pickles, and processed meat and sausages.
Some of the most common sources for this bacterium were non-acidic canned foods, homemade pickles.
The can, jar, or package created a suitable anaerobic environment where Clostridium could grow.
package created a suitable anaerobic environment where Clostridium could grow.
Proper sterilization and canning procedures have reduced the incidence of this disease.
While people may tend to think of foodborne illnesses as associated with animal-based foods, most cases are now linked to produce.
these types of outbreaks have become more common.
A serotype is a strain of bacteria that carries a set of similar antigens on its cell surface, and there are often many different serotypes of a bacterial species.
A serotype is a strain of bacteria that carries a set of similar antigens on its cell surface.
All types of food can potentially be contaminated with bacteria.
Recent outbreaks of Salmonella reported by the CDC occurred in foods as diverse as peanut butter, alfalfa sprouts, and eggs.
Recent outbreaks of Salmonella reported by the CDC occurred in foods as diverse as peanut butter, alfalfa sprouts.
Outbreaks of listeriosis, due to contamination of meats, raw cheeses, and frozen or fresh vegetables with Listeria monocytogenes, are becoming more frequent.
frozen or fresh vegetables with Listeria monocytogenes, are becoming more frequent.
Vegetable sprouts grown at an organic farm were the cause of an E. coli outbreak that killed 32 people and sickened 3,800 in Germany in 2011.
The strain responsible, E. coli O104:H4, produces Shiga toxin, a substance that inhibits protein synthesis in the host cell.
The toxin destroys red blood cells resulting in bloody diarrhea.
Deformed red blood cells clog the capillaries of the kidney, which can lead to kidney failure, as happened to 845 patients in the 2011 outbreak.
Kidney failure is usually reversible, but some patients experience kidney problems years later.
They are responsible for diseases such as Legionnaires' disease, otitis media, and various infections in patients with cystic fibrosis.
They are responsible for diseases such as Legionnaires' disease, otitis media.
They produce dental plaque and colonize catheters, prostheses, transcutaneous and orthopedic devices, contact lenses, and internal devices such as pacemakers.
They produce dental plaque and colonize catheters, prostheses, transcutaneous and orthopedic devices, contact lenses.
They also form in open wounds and burned tissue.
In healthcare environments, biofilms grow on hemodialysis machines, mechanical ventilators, shunts, and other medical equipment.
In healthcare environments, biofilms grow on hemodialysis machines, mechanical ventilators, shunts.
In fact, 65 percent of all infections acquired in the hospital are attributed to biofilms.
Biofilm infections develop gradually and may not cause immediate symptoms.
They are rarely resolved by host defense mechanisms.
Once an infection by a biofilm is established, it is very difficult to eradicate, because biofilms tend to be resistant to most methods used to control microbial growth, including antibiotics.
The matrix that attaches the cells to a substrate and to other another protects the cells from antibiotics or drugs.
In addition, since biofilms grow slowly, they are less responsive to agents that interfere with cell growth.
It has been reported that biofilms can resist up to 1,000 times the antibiotic concentrations used to kill the same bacteria when they are free- living or planktonic.
An antibiotic dose that large would harm the patient; therefore, scientists are working on new ways to get rid of biofilms.
therefore, scientists are working on new ways to get rid of biofilms.
An antibiotic is a chemical, produced either by microbes or synthetically, that is hostile to or prevents the growth of other organisms.
Today's media often address concerns about an antibiotic crisis.
All these questions challenge the healthcare community.
The imprudent and excessive use of antibiotics has resulted in the natural selection of resistant forms of bacteria.
therefore only the resistant forms remain.
In addition to transmission of resistance genes to progeny, lateral transfer of resistance genes on plasmids can rapidly spread these genes through a bacterial population.
A major misuse of antibiotics is in patients with viral infections like colds or the flu, against which antibiotics are useless.
Another problem is the excessive use of antibiotics in livestock.
The routine use of antibiotics in animal feed promotes bacterial resistance as well.
In the United States, 70 percent of the antibiotics produced are fed to animals.
these resistant bacteria are readily transferred to humans.
One of the Superbugs: MRSA The imprudent use of antibiotics has paved the way for the expansion of resistant bacterial populations.
For example, Staphylococcus aureus, often called "staph," is a common bacterium that can live in the human body and is usually easily treated with antibiotics.
This strain is resistant to many commonly used antibiotics, including methicillin, amoxicillin, penicillin, and oxacillin.
This strain is resistant to many commonly used antibiotics, including methicillin, amoxicillin, penicillin.
MRSA can cause infections of the skin, but it can also infect the bloodstream, lungs, urinary tract, or sites of injury.
MRSA can cause infections of the skin, but it can also infect the bloodstream, lungs, urinary tract.
Researchers have expressed concern about the way this latter source of MRSA targets a much younger population than those residing in care facilities.
S. aureus is not always pathogenic, but can cause diseases such as food poisoning and skin and respiratory infections.
In summary, the medical community is facing an antibiotic crisis.
Researchers are developing new antibiotics, but it takes many years of research and clinical trials, plus financial investments in the millions of dollars, to generate an effective and approved drug.
Epidemiologist Epidemiology is the study of the occurrence, distribution, and determinants of health and disease in a population.
Epidemiologist Epidemiology is the study of the occurrence, distribution.
It is, therefore, part of public health.
An epidemiologist studies the frequency and distribution of diseases within human populations and environments.
Epidemiologists collect data about a particular disease and track its spread to identify the original mode of transmission.
They sometimes work in close collaboration with historians to try to understand the way a disease evolved geographically and over time, tracking the natural history of pathogens.
They gather information from clinical records, patient interviews, surveillance, and any other available means.
They gather information from clinical records, patient interviews, surveillance.
Epidemiologists also conduct rapid investigations in case of an outbreak to recommend immediate measures to control it.
An epidemiologist has a bachelor's degree, plus a master's degree in public health.
Many epidemiologists are also physicians, or they have a Ph.D. in an associated field, such as biology or microbiology.
Many epidemiologists are also physicians.
they have a Ph.D. in an associated field, such as biology or microbiology.
Vaccinations can slow the spread of communicable diseases.
Prokaryotes also interact with humans and other organisms in a number of ways that are beneficial.
For example, prokaryotes are major participants in the carbon and nitrogen cycles.
Prokaryotes are used in the production of some human foods, and also have been recruited for the degradation of hazardous materials.
Prokaryotes are used in the production of some human foods.
Nitrogen is usually the most limiting element in terrestrial ecosystems, with atmospheric nitrogen, N2, providing the largest pool of available nitrogen.
However, eukaryotes cannot use atmospheric, gaseous nitrogen to synthesize macromolecules.
Fortunately, nitrogen can be "fixed," meaning it is converted into a more accessible form—ammonia—either biologically or abiotically.
Abiotic nitrogen fixation occurs as a result of physical processes such as lightning or by industrial processes.
Biological nitrogen fixation is exclusively carried out by prokaryotes: soil bacteria, cyanobacteria, and Frankia spp.
Biological nitrogen fixation is exclusively carried out by prokaryotes: soil bacteria, cyanobacteria.
After photosynthesis, BNF is the most important biological process on Earth.
The overall nitrogen fixation equation below represents a series of redox reactions.
The total fixed nitrogen through BNF is about 100 to 180 million metric tons per year, which contributes about 65 percent of the nitrogen used in agriculture.
Cyanobacteria are the most important nitrogen fixers in aquatic environments.
In soil, members of the genera Clostridium and Azotobacter are examples of free-living, nitrogen-fixing bacteria.
Other bacteria live symbiotically with legume plants, providing the most important source of fixed nitrogen.
Symbionts may fix more nitrogen in soils than free-living organisms by a factor of 10.
Nitrogenase, the enzyme that fixes nitrogen, is inactivated by oxygen, so the nodule provides an oxygen-free area for nitrogen fixation to take place.
The oxygen is sequestered by a form of plant hemoglobin called leghemoglobin, which protects the nitrogenase, but releases enough oxygen to support respiratory activity.
Symbiotic nitrogen fixation provides a natural and inexpensive plant fertilizer: It reduces atmospheric nitrogen to ammonia, which is easily usable by plants.
The bacteria benefit from using photosynthates from the plant and having a protected niche.
Therefore, the use of rhizobia as biofertilizers is a sustainable practice.
Some, like soybeans, are key sources of agricultural protein.
Some of the most important legumes consumed by humans are soybeans, peanuts, peas, chickpeas, and beans.
Some of the most important legumes consumed by humans are soybeans, peanuts, peas, chickpeas.
Other legumes, such as alfalfa, are used to feed cattle.
Soybean is a legume that interacts symbiotically with the soil bacterium Bradyrhizobium japonicum to form specialized structures on the roots called nodules where nitrogen fixation occurs.
EVERYDAY CONNECTION Microbes on the Human Body The commensal bacteria that inhabit our skin and gastrointestinal tract do a host of good things for us.
They protect us from pathogens, help us digest our food, and produce some of our vitamins and other nutrients.
They protect us from pathogens, help us digest our food.
These activities have been known for a long time.
The Human Microbiome Project has begun the process of cataloging our normal bacteria so we can better understand these functions.
A particularly fascinating example of our normal flora relates to our digestive systems.
However, it has been successfully treated by giving the patients fecal transplants from healthy donors to reestablish the normal intestinal microbial community.
Clinical trials are underway to ensure the safety and effectiveness of this technique.
Infection commonly occurs after the normal gut fauna are eradicated by antibiotics, and in the hospital can be deadly to seriously ill patients.
Infection commonly occurs after the normal gut fauna are eradicated by antibiotics.
Scientists are also discovering that the absence of certain key microbes from our intestinal tract may set us up for a variety of problems.
This seems to be particularly true regarding the appropriate functioning of the immune system.
The concept of "specific use" involves some sort of commercial application.
Genetic engineering, artificial selection, antibiotic production, and cell culture are current topics of study in biotechnology and will be described in later chapters.
cell culture are current topics of study in biotechnology and will be described in later chapters.
However, humans were using prokaryotes before the term biotechnology was even coined.
Some of the products derived from the use of prokaryotes in early biotechnology include cheese, wine, beer and bread, and yogurt.
Some of the products derived from the use of prokaryotes in early biotechnology include cheese, wine, beer and bread.
Cheese production began around 4,000 to 7,000 years ago when humans began to breed animals and process their milk.
Fermentation in this case preserves nutrients: Milk will spoil relatively quickly, but when processed as cheese, it is more stable.
As for beer, the oldest records of brewing are about 6,000 years old and were an integral part of the Sumerian culture.
Evidence indicates that the Sumerians discovered fermentation by chance.
Wine has been produced for about 4,500 years, and evidence suggests that cultured milk products, like yogurt, have existed for at least 4,000 years.
Wine has been produced for about 4,500 years.
evidence suggests that cultured milk products, like yogurt, have existed for at least 4,000 years.
Using Prokaryotes to Clean up Our Planet: Bioremediation Microbial bioremediation is the use of prokaryotes to remove pollutants.
Bioremediation has been used to remove agricultural chemicals that leach from soil into groundwater and the subsurface.
Certain toxic metals and oxides, such as selenium and arsenic compounds, can also be removed from water by bioremediation.
The reduction of SeO4-2 to SeO3-2 and to Se0 is a method used to remove selenium ions from water.
Mercury is an example of a toxic metal that can be removed from an environment by bioremediation.
As an active ingredient of some pesticides, mercury is used in industry and is also a by-product of certain processes, such as battery production.
Methyl mercury is usually present in very low concentrations in natural environments, but it is highly toxic because it accumulates in living tissues.
Several species of bacteria can carry out the biotransformation of toxic mercury into nontoxic forms.
These bacteria, such as Pseudomonas aeruginosa, can convert Hg+2 into Hg0, which is nontoxic to humans.
In the case of oil spills in the ocean, ongoing natural bioremediation tends to occur, since there are oil-consuming bacteria in the ocean prior to the spill.
Bioremediation is enhanced by the addition of inorganic nutrients that help bacteria to grow.
Some hydrocarbon-degrading bacteria feed on hydrocarbons in the oil droplet, breaking down the hydrocarbons into smaller subunits.
Some species, such as Alcanivorax borkumensis, produce surfactants that solubilize the oil, whereas other bacteria degrade the oil into carbon dioxide.
Some species, such as Alcanivorax borkumensis, produce surfactants that solubilize the oil.
other bacteria degrade the oil into carbon dioxide.
Under ideal conditions, it has been reported that up to 80 percent of the nonvolatile components in oil can be degraded within one year of the spill.
Other oil fractions containing aromatic and highly branched hydrocarbon chains are more difficult to remove and remain in the environment for longer periods of time.
Some species of bacteria are able to solubilize and degrade the oil.
Most prokaryotes have a cell wall that lies Prokaryotes existed for billions of years before plants outside the boundary of the plasma membrane.
Hot springs and hydrothermal prokaryotes may have additional structures such as a vents may have been the environments in which life capsule, flagella, and pili.
Hot springs and hydrothermal prokaryotes may have additional structures such as a vents may have been the environments in which life capsule, flagella.
Microbial mats are thought to represent the in the lipid composition of their cell membranes and earliest forms of life on Earth.
A microbial mat is a the characteristics of the cell wall.
Some archaeal membranes are lipid on moist surfaces.
stromatolites and consist of laminated organo- sedimentary structures formed by precipitation of The cell wall is located outside the cell membrane and minerals by prokaryotes.
They represent the earliest prevents osmotic lysis.
cell walls varies between species.
Bacterial cell walls contain peptidoglycan.
Archaean cell walls do not have During the first two billion years, the atmosphere was peptidoglycan, but they may have anoxic and only anaerobic organisms were able to live.
pseudopeptidoglycan, polysaccharides, glycoproteins, Cyanobacteria evolved from early phototrophs and or protein-based cell walls.
The increase into two major groups: Gram positive and Gram in oxygen concentration allowed the evolution of other negative, based on the Gram stain reaction.
positive organisms have a thick peptidoglycan layer Bacteria and archaea grow in virtually every fortified with teichoic acids.
Those that survive under extreme have a thin cell wall and an outer envelope containing conditions are called extremophiles.
Some prokaryotes cannot grow in a laboratory setting, Prokaryotes can transfer DNA from one cell to another but they are not dead.
They are in the viable-but-non- by three mechanisms: transformation state.
Most prokaryotes are colonial direct cell contact).
A biofilm is a microbial community held 22.3 Prokaryotic Metabolism together in a gummy-textured matrix.
Macronutrients Some bacterial infections have been associated with include C, H, O, N, P, S, K, Mg, Ca, and Na.
Macronutrients Some bacterial infections have been associated with include C, H, O, N, P, S, K, Mg, Ca.
Biofilms can metallic elements for growth and enzyme function.
grow on human tissues, like dental plaque; colonize Prokaryotes use different sources of energy to medical devices; and cause infection or produce assemble macromolecules from smaller molecules.
foodborne disease by growing on the surfaces of food Phototrophs obtain their energy from sunlight, whereas and food-processing equipment.
foodborne disease by growing on the surfaces of food Phototrophs obtain their energy from sunlight.
Biofilms are resistant chemotrophs obtain energy from chemical compounds.
The excessive use of antibiotics has resulted in anaerobic.
a major global problem, since resistant forms of Prokaryotes play roles in the carbon and nitrogen bacteria have been selected over time.
Producers capture carbon dioxide from the dangerous strain, methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus atmosphere and convert it to organic compounds.
aureus, has wreaked havoc recently across the Consumers (animals and other chemoorganotrophic world.
organisms) use organic compounds generated by producers and release carbon dioxide into the 22.5 Beneficial Prokaryotes atmosphere by respiration.
Carbon dioxide is also Pathogens are only a small percentage of all returned to the atmosphere by the microbial prokaryotes.
Nitrogen also cycles services to humans and other organisms.
Prokaryotes are essential for most of ammonia either biologically or abiotically.
Gaseous nitrogen is transformed Biological nitrogen fixation is exclusively carried into ammonia through nitrogen fixation.
Ammonia is out by prokaryotes, and constitutes the second most anaerobically catabolized by some prokaryotes, important biological process on Earth.
Ammonia is out by prokaryotes.
Although some yielding N2 as the final product.
Nitrification is the terrestrial nitrogen is fixed by free-living bacteria, most conversion of ammonium into nitrite.
Nitrification in BNF comes from the symbiotic interaction between soil soils is carried out by bacteria.
Denitrification is also rhizobia and the roots of legume plants.
diseases and plagues have been among us since early times and remain among the leading causes of death Microbial bioremediation is the use of microbial worldwide.
Emerging diseases are those rapidly metabolism to remove pollutants.
Bioremediation has increasing in incidence or geographic range.
They can been used to remove agricultural chemicals that leach be new or re-emerging diseases (previously under from soil into groundwater and the subsurface.
A compounds, can also be removed by bioremediation.
Foodborne diseases purposes is the cleanup of oil spills.
b. Porins allow entry of substances into both a. Nitrogen fixing bacteria exist on the root Gram-positive and Gram-negative nodules of legumes and in the soil.
Denitrifying bacteria convert nitrates c.
The cell wall of Gram-negative bacteria is into nitrogen gas.
the cell wall of Gram-positive c. Ammonification is the process by which bacteria is thin.
ammonium ion is released from d. Gram-negative bacteria have a cell wall decomposing organic compounds.
Gram- d. Nitrification is the process by which positive bacteria have a cell wall made of nitrites are converted to lipoteichoic acid.
The first forms of life on Earth were thought to prokaryotes.
Pathogenic bacteria can grow as free a. single-celled plants bacteria, but non-pathogenic bacteria only b. prokaryotes grow as parts of large colonies.
c. insects d. large animals such as dinosaurs 9.
The presence of a membrane-enclosed nucleus is a characteristic of ________.
a. prokaryotic cells a. are the earliest forms of life on Earth b. eukaryotic cells b. obtained their energy and food from c.
all cells hydrothermal vents d. viruses c. are multi-layered sheets of prokaryotes including mostly bacteria but also archaea 10.
The first organisms that oxygenated the b. archaea and fungi atmosphere were c. protists and animals a. cyanobacteria d. bacteria and archaea b. phototrophic organisms c. anaerobic organisms 11.
The cell wall is ________.
Halophiles are organisms that require________.
Organisms most likely to be found in extreme environments are ________.
d. archaea a. Pathogenic prokaryotes are hardier than non-pathogenic prokaryotes.
Pseudopeptidoglycan is a characteristic of the d. chemo-organotrophs walls of ________.
The lipopolysaccharide layer is a d. re-emerging characteristic of the wall of ________.
b. Biofilms produce dental plaque, and 16.
b. Biofilms produce dental plaque.
Which of the following elements is not a colonize catheters and prostheses.
c. Biofilms colonize open wounds and a. boron burned tissue.
All statements are correct.
An antibiotic is any substance produced by 17.
An antibiotic is any substance produced by b. auxotrophs a prokaryote that is antagonistic to the c. chemotrophs growth of other viruses.
An antibiotic is any substance produced by a prokaryote that is antagonistic to the 18.
Ammonification is the process by which _____.
a. ammonia is released during the d.
An antibiotic is any substance produced by decomposition of nitrogen-containing a prokaryote that prevents growth of the organic compounds same prokaryote.
b. ammonium is converted to nitrite and nitrate in soils 24.
Plants use carbon dioxide from the air and are b. Borrelia burgdorferi therefore called _____.
MRSA has emerged as a serious infectious d. carbon fixers disease, with the first case of methicillin- resistant S. aureus being detected in 1961.
Thus, a. MRSA can transfer methicillin-resistance we classify cyanobacteria as _________.
b. Patients are not treated with correct a. pesticides antibiotics rapidly enough to prevent b. bioremediators serious illness.
Bioremediation includes _____.
flavor and texture, lactic acid-producing bacteria c. Bacteria benefit from using also provide which additional benefit during food photosynthates from the plant.
Farmers continually rotate the crops grown in different fields to maintain nutrients in the soil.
How would this effect the carbon cycle 33.
A scientist isolates a new species of prokaryote.
Is the specimen most likely an Archaea, a Gram- 41.
Your friend believes that prokaryotes are always positive bacterium, or a Gram-negative detrimental and pathogenic.
Your friend believes that prokaryotes are always positive bacterium.
Many people use antimicrobial soap to kill pressure, and organic and inorganic materials) bacteria on their hands.
Many people use antimicrobial soap to kill pressure.
However, overuse may that you may find in a deep-sea hydrothermal actually increase the risk of infection.