# Biology2e Chapter 23 — Protists
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 568

Therefore, it became an interesting challenge to deal with the world of microorganisms once microscopes were developed a few centuries ago.
This name was first suggested by Ernst Haeckel in the late nineteenth century.
It has been applied in many contexts and has been formally used to represent a kingdom-level taxon called Protista.
However, many modern systematists are beginning to shy away from the idea of formal ranks such as kingdom and phylum.
Instead, they are naming taxa as groups of organisms thought to include all the descendants of a last common ancestor.
During the past two decades, the field of molecular genetics has demonstrated that some protists are more related to animals, plants, or fungi than they are to other protists.
During the past two decades, the field of molecular genetics has demonstrated that some protists are more related to animals, plants.
fungi make the kingdom Protista a paraphyletic group, or one that does not include all descendents of its common ancestor.
For this reason, protist lineages originally classified into the kingdom Protista continue to be examined and debated.
In the meantime, the term "protist" still is used informally to describe this tremendously diverse group of eukaryotes.
Most protists are microscopic, unicellular organisms that are abundant in soil, freshwater, brackish, and marine environments.
Most protists are microscopic, unicellular organisms that are abundant in soil, freshwater, brackish.
They are also common in the digestive tracts of animals and in the vascular tissues of plants.
Others invade the cells of other protists, animals, and plants.
Others invade the cells of other protists, animals.
Not all protists are microscopic.
Some protists are multicellular, such as the red, green, and brown seaweeds.
Some protists are multicellular, such as the red, green.
It is among the protists that one finds the wealth of ways that organisms can grow.
Organisms are classified into three domains: Archaea, Bacteria, and Eukarya.
Organisms are classified into three domains: Archaea, Bacteria.
The first two lineages comprise all prokaryotic cells, and the third contains all eukaryotes.
The first two lineages comprise all prokaryotic cells.
However, comparative biology of extant organisms and the limited fossil record provide some insight into the evolution of Eukarya.
The earliest fossils found appear to be those of domain Bacteria.
They are about 3.5 to 3.8 billion years old and are recognizable because of their relatively complex structure and, for prokaryotes, relatively large cells.
Most other prokaryotes have small cells, 1 or 2 µm in size, and would be difficult to pick out as fossils.
Most other prokaryotes have small cells, 1 or 2 µm in size.
Most living eukaryotes have cells measuring 10 µm or greater.
Structures this size, which might be fossilized remains of early eukaryotes, appear in the geological record in deposits dating to about 2.1 billion years ago.
All extant eukaryotes have cells with nuclei.
Most extant eukaryotes have "typical" mitochondria, although some eukaryotes have very reduced mitochondrial "remnants" and a few lack detectable mitochondria.
All extant eukaryotes have these cytoskeletal elements.
Some extant eukaryotes lack flagella and/or cilia, but their presence in related lineages suggests that they are descended from ancestors that possessed these organelles.
Mitosis is universally present in eukaryotes.
If the last common ancestor could make cell walls, it is clear that this ability must have been lost in many groups.
This major theme in the origin of eukaryotes is known as endosymbiosis, one cell engulfing another such that the engulfed cell survives and both cells benefit.
Over many generations, a symbiotic relationship can result in two organisms that depend on each other so completely that neither could survive on its own.
Similar endosymbiotic associations are not uncommon in living eukaryotes.
Before explaining this further, it is necessary to consider metabolism in prokaryotes.
Prokaryotic Metabolism Many important metabolic processes arose in prokaryotes; however, some of these processes, such as nitrogen fixation, are never found in eukaryotes.
Prokaryotic Metabolism Many important metabolic processes arose in prokaryotes.
however, some of these processes, such as nitrogen fixation, are never found in eukaryotes.
The process of aerobic respiration is found in all major lineages of eukaryotes, and it is localized in the mitochondria.
The process of aerobic respiration is found in all major lineages of eukaryotes.
it is localized in the mitochondria.
While today's atmosphere is about 20 percent molecular oxygen, geological evidence shows that it originally lacked O2.
Without oxygen, aerobic respiration would not be expected, and living things would have relied on anaerobic respiration or the process of fermentation instead.
Without oxygen, aerobic respiration would not be expected.
living things would have relied on anaerobic respiration or the process of fermentation instead.
At some point between 3.2 and 3.5 billion years ago, some prokaryotes began using energy from sunlight to power anabolic processes that reduce carbon dioxide to form organic compounds.
That is, they evolved the ability to photosynthesize.
Various metabolic processes evolved that protected organisms from oxygen, one of which, aerobic respiration, also generated high levels of ATP.
It became widely present among prokaryotes, including in a free-living group we now call alpha-proteobacteria.
Organisms that did not acquire aerobic respiration had to remain in oxygen-free environments.
Oxygen levels similar to today's levels only arose within the last 700 million years.
These organelles were first observed by light microscopists in the late 1800s, where they appeared to be somewhat worm-shaped structures that seemed to be moving around in the cell.
Some early observers suggested that they might be bacteria living inside host cells, but these hypotheses remained unknown or rejected in most scientific communities.
In 1967, Margulis introduced new data to support her work on the theory and substantiated her findings through microbiological evidence.
Much remains to be clarified about how this relationship occurred; this continues to be an exciting field of discovery in biology.
this continues to be an exciting field of discovery in biology.
For instance, it is not known whether the endosymbiotic event that led to mitochondria occurred before or after the host cell had a nucleus.
Such organisms would be among the extinct precursors of the last common ancestor of eukaryotes.
Mitochondria One of the major features distinguishing prokaryotes from eukaryotes is the presence of mitochondria, or their reduced derivatives, in virtually all eukaryotic cells.
Mitochondria One of the major features distinguishing prokaryotes from eukaryotes is the presence of mitochondria.
Eukaryotic cells may contain anywhere from one to several thousand mitochondria, depending on the cell's level of energy consumption, in humans being most abundant in the liver and skeletal muscles.
However, although they may have originated as free-living aerobic organisms, mitochondria can no longer survive and reproduce outside the cell.
Mitochondria have their own genomes, with a circular chromosome stabilized by attachments to the inner membrane.
Mitochondria also have special ribosomes and transfer RNAs that resemble these same components in prokaryotes.
An intriguing feature of mitochondria is that many of them exhibit minor differences from the universal genetic code.
When these genes are compared to those of other organisms, they appear to be of alpha-proteobacterial origin.
In some eukaryotic groups, such genes are found in the mitochondria, whereas in other groups, they are found in the nucleus.
In some eukaryotic groups, such genes are found in the mitochondria.
in other groups, they are found in the nucleus.
This has been interpreted as evidence that over evolutionary time, genes have been transferred from the endosymbiont chromosome to those of the host genome.
This apparent "loss" of genes by the endosymbiont is probably one explanation why mitochondria cannot live without a host.
Another line of evidence supporting the idea that mitochondria were derived by endosymbiosis comes from the structure of the mitochondrion itself.
Most mitochondria are shaped like alpha-proteobacteria and are surrounded by two membranes; the inner membrane is bacterial in nature whereas the outer membrane is eukaryotic in nature.
Most mitochondria are shaped like alpha-proteobacteria and are surrounded by two membranes.
the inner membrane is bacterial in nature whereas the outer membrane is eukaryotic in nature.
This is exactly what one would expect if one membrane-bound organism was engulfed into a vacuole by another membrane-bound organism.
The outer mitochondrial membrane was derived by the enclosing vesicle, while the inner membrane was derived from the plasma membrane of the endosymbiont.
The outer mitochondrial membrane was derived by the enclosing vesicle.
the inner membrane was derived from the plasma membrane of the endosymbiont.
The mitochondrial inner membrane is extensive and involves substantial infoldings called cristae that resemble the textured, outer surface of alpha- proteobacteria.
The matrix and inner membrane are rich with the enzymes necessary for aerobic respiration.
The third line of evidence comes from the production of new mitochondria.
Mitochondria arise only from previous mitochondria; they are not formed from scratch by the eukaryotic cell.
Mitochondria arise only from previous mitochondria.
they are not formed from scratch by the eukaryotic cell.
Mitochondria may fuse together; and they may be moved around inside the cell by interactions with the cytoskeleton.
Mitochondria may fuse together.
and they may be moved around inside the cell by interactions with the cytoskeleton.
They reproduce within their enclosing cell and are distributed with the cytoplasm when a cell divides or two cells fuse.
Therefore, although these organelles are highly integrated into the eukaryotic cell, they still reproduce as if they were independent organisms within the cell.
However, their reproduction is synchronized with the activity and division of the cell.
Some living eukaryotes are anaerobic and cannot survive in the presence of too much oxygen.
In addition to the aerobic generation of ATP, mitochondria have several other metabolic functions.
Such functions are often associated with the reduced mitochondrion-derived organelles of anaerobic eukaryotes.
However, it is related to other protists with reduced mitochondria and probably represents an end- point in mitochondrial reduction.
Although most biologists accept that the last common ancestor of eukaryotes had mitochondria, it appears that the complex relationship between mitochondria and their host cell continues to evolve.
Plastids Some groups of eukaryotes are photosynthetic.
This chloroplast cross-section illustrates its elaborate inner membrane organization.
Stacks of thylakoid membranes compartmentalize photosynthetic enzymes and provide scaffolding for chloroplast DNA.
In this micrograph of Elodea sp., the chloroplasts can be seen as small green spheres.
Like mitochondria, plastids appear to have an endosymbiotic origin.
This hypothesis was also proposed and championed with the first direct evidence by Lynn Margulis.
We now know that plastids are derived from cyanobacteria that lived inside the cells of an ancestral, aerobic, heterotrophic eukaryote.
plastids of primary origin are surrounded by two membranes.
However, the best evidence is that the acquisition of cyanobacterial endosymbionts has happened twice in the history of eukaryotes.
Almost all photosynthetic eukaryotes are descended from the first event, and only a couple of species are derived from the other, which in evolutionary terms, appears to be more recent.
Almost all photosynthetic eukaryotes are descended from the first event.
only a couple of species are derived from the other, which in evolutionary terms, appears to be more recent.
Cyanobacteria are a group of Gram-negative bacteria with all the conventional structures of the group.
However, unlike most prokaryotes, they have extensive, internal membrane-bound sacs called thylakoids.
Chlorophyll is a component of these membranes, as are many of the proteins of the light reactions of photosynthesis.
Cyanobacteria also have the peptidoglycan wall and lipopolysaccharide layer associated with Gram-negative bacteria.
Chloroplasts of primary endosymbiotic origin have thylakoids, a circular DNA chromosome, and ribosomes similar to those of cyanobacteria.
Chloroplasts of primary endosymbiotic origin have thylakoids, a circular DNA chromosome.
As in mitochondria, each chloroplast is surrounded by two membranes.
In the group of Archaeplastida called the glaucophytes and in the rhizarian Paulinella, a thin peptidoglycan layer is still present between the outer and inner plastid membranes.
All other plastids lack this relict of the cyanobacterial wall.
Plastids, like mitochondria, cannot live independently outside the host.
In addition, like mitochondria, plastids are derived from the division of other plastids and never built from scratch.
Not all plastids in eukaryotes are derived directly from primary endosymbiosis.
Numerous microscopic and genetic studies have supported this conclusion.
Secondary plastids are surrounded by three or more membranes, and some secondary plastids even have clear remnants of the nucleus of endosymbiotic algae.
Secondary plastids are surrounded by three or more membranes.
some secondary plastids even have clear remnants of the nucleus of endosymbiotic algae.
Red algae and green algae share similar DNA sequences with photosynthetic cyanobacteria.
Scientists speculate that, in a process called endosymbiosis, an ancestral prokaryote engulfed a photosynthetic cyanobacterium that evolved into modern-day chloroplasts.
Secondary Endosymbiosis in Chlorarachniophytes Endosymbiosis involves one cell engulfing another to produce, over time, a coevolved relationship in which neither cell could survive alone.
The chloroplasts of red and green algae, for instance, are derived from the engulfment of a photosynthetic cyanobacterium by an ancestral prokaryote.
This evidence suggests the possibility that an ancestral cell was engulfed by another eukaryote cell, resulting in a secondary endosymbiosis.
Chlorarachniophytes are rare algae indigenous to tropical seas and sand.
They are classified into the Rhizarian supergroup.
Chlorarachniophytes are reticulose amoebae, extending thin cytoplasmic strands that interconnect them with other chlorarachniophytes in a cytoplasmic network.
In a primary endosymbiotic event, a heterotrophic eukaryote consumed a cyanobacterium.
In a secondary endosymbiotic event, the cell resulting from primary endosymbiosis was consumed by a second cell.
The resulting organelle became a plastid in modern chlorarachniophytes.
Several lines of evidence support that chlorarachniophytes evolved from secondary endosymbiosis.
The chloroplasts contained within the green algal endosymbionts still are capable of photosynthesis, making chlorarachniophytes photosynthetic.
The green algal endosymbiont also exhibits a vestigial nucleus.
In fact, it appears that chlorarachniophytes are the products of an evolutionarily recent secondary endosymbiotic event.
In other lineages that involved secondary endosymbiosis, only three membranes can be identified around plastids.
This is currently interpreted as a sequential loss of a membrane during the course of evolution.
The process of secondary endosymbiosis is not unique to chlorarachniophytes.
Secondary plastids are also found in the Excavates and the Chromalveolates.
it is unclear how many undescribed species may exist.
On the other hand, familiar characteristics of plants and animals are foreshadowed in various protists.
The cells of protists are among the most elaborate of all cells.
Multicellular plants, animals, and fungi are embedded among the protists in eukaryotic phylogeny.
fungi are embedded among the protists in eukaryotic phylogeny.
In most plants and animals and some fungi, complexity arises out of multicellularity, tissue specialization, and subsequent interaction because of these features.
In most plants and animals and some fungi, complexity arises out of multicellularity, tissue specialization.
A few protists live as colonies that behave in some ways as a group of free- living cells and in other ways as a multicellular organism.
Some protists are composed of enormous, multinucleate, single cells that look like amorphous blobs of slime, or in other cases, like ferns.
Some protists are composed of enormous, multinucleate, single cells that look like amorphous blobs of slime.
In some species of protists, the nuclei are different sizes and have distinct roles in protist cell function.
Protist cells may be enveloped by animal-like cell membranes or plant-like cell walls.
Others are encased in glassy silica-based shells or wound with pellicles of interlocking protein strips.
Metabolism Protists exhibit many forms of nutrition and may be aerobic or anaerobic.
Those that store energy by photosynthesis belong to a group of photoautotrophs and are characterized by the presence of chloroplasts.
Other protists are heterotrophic and consume organic materials to obtain nutrition.
In some protists, food vacuoles can be formed anywhere on the body surface, whereas in others, they may be restricted to the base of a specialized feeding structure.
In some protists, food vacuoles can be formed anywhere on the body surface.
in others, they may be restricted to the base of a specialized feeding structure.
Undigested remains ultimately are expelled from the cell via exocytosis.
Subtypes of heterotrophs, called saprobes, absorb nutrients from dead organisms or their organic wastes.
Some protists can function as mixotrophs, obtaining nutrition by photoautotrophic or heterotrophic routes, depending on whether sunlight or organic nutrients are available.
Some protists have one or more flagella, which they rotate or whip.
Others are covered in rows or tufts of tiny cilia that they beat in a coordinated manner to swim.
Some protists can move toward or away from a stimulus, a movement referred to as taxis.
phototaxis, is accomplished by coupling their locomotion strategy with a light-sensing organ.
Protists use various methods for transportation.
Amoeba uses lobe-like pseudopodia to anchor itself to a solid surface and pull itself forward.
Euglena uses a whip-like tail called a flagellum to propel itself.
Life Cycles Protists reproduce by a variety of mechanisms.
In protists, binary fission can be divided into transverse or longitudinal, depending on the axis of orientation; sometimes Paramecium exhibits this method.
In protists, binary fission can be divided into transverse or longitudinal, depending on the axis of orientation.
sometimes Paramecium exhibits this method.
Some protists such as the true slime molds exhibit multiple fission and simultaneously divide into many daughter cells.
Others produce tiny buds that go on to divide and grow to the size of the parental protist.
Sexual reproduction, involving meiosis and fertilization, is common among protists, and many protist species can switch from asexual to sexual reproduction when necessary.
Sexual reproduction, involving meiosis and fertilization, is common among protists.
many protist species can switch from asexual to sexual reproduction when necessary.
Sexual reproduction is often associated with periods when nutrients are depleted or environmental changes occur.
However, sexual reproduction is often associated with resistant cysts that are a protective, resting stage.
Depending on habitat of the species, the cysts may be particularly resistant to temperature extremes, desiccation, or low pH.
Depending on habitat of the species, the cysts may be particularly resistant to temperature extremes, desiccation.
Protist life cycles range from simple to extremely elaborate.
Certain parasitic protists have complicated life cycles and must infect different host species at different developmental stages to complete their life cycle.
Some protists are unicellular in the haploid form and multicellular in the diploid form, a strategy employed by animals.
Other protists have multicellular stages in both haploid and diploid forms, a strategy called alternation of generations, analogous to that used by plants.
Habitats Nearly all protists exist in some type of aquatic environment, including freshwater and marine environments, damp soil, and even snow.
Habitats Nearly all protists exist in some type of aquatic environment, including freshwater and marine environments, damp soil.
Several protist species are parasites that infect animals or plants.
A few protist species live on dead organisms or their wastes, and contribute to their decay.
A few protist species live on dead organisms or their wastes.
Moreover, protists that exhibit similar morphological features may have evolved analogous structures because of similar selective pressures—rather than because of recent common ancestry.
This phenomenon, called convergent evolution, is one reason why protist classification is so challenging.
Each supergroup can be viewed as representing one of many variants on eukaryotic cell structure.
the endosymbiotic organelles—may have diverged from the "typical" pattern.
This diagram shows a proposed classification of the domain Eukarya.
Currently, the domain Eukarya is divided into six supergroups.
Although each supergroup is believed to be monophyletic, the dotted lines suggest evolutionary relationships among the supergroups that continue to be debated.
Keep in mind that the classification scheme presented here represents just one of several hypotheses, and the true evolutionary relationships are still to be determined.
the true evolutionary relationships are still to be determined.
Archaeplastida Molecular evidence supports the hypothesis that all Archaeplastida are descendents of an endosymbiotic relationship between a heterotrophic protist and a cyanobacterium.
It was from a common ancestor of these protists that the land plants evolved, since their closest relatives are found in this group.
The red and green algae include unicellular, multicellular, and colonial forms.
The red and green algae include unicellular, multicellular.
A diploid sporophyte contains cells that undergo meiosis to produce haploid spores.
The gametes fuse to form a zygote that grows into a diploid sporophyte.
In some species, the gametophyte and sporophyte look quite different, while in others they are nearly indistinguishable.
In some species, the gametophyte and sporophyte look quite different.
in others they are nearly indistinguishable.
Red algae have a second cell wall outside an inner cellulose cell wall.
Carbohydrates in this wall are the source of agarose used for electrophoresis gels and agar for solidifying bacterial media.
The "red" in the red algae comes from phycoerythrins, accessory photopigments that are red in color and obscure the green tint of chlorophyll in some species.
Other protists classified as red algae lack phycoerythrins and are parasites.
Red algae are common in tropical waters where they have been detected at depths of 260 meters.
Other red algae exist in terrestrial or freshwater environments.
The red algae life cycle is an unusual alternation of generations that includes two sporophyte phases, with meiosis occurring only in the second sporophyte.
Green Algae: Chlorophytes and Charophytes The most abundant group of algae is the green algae.
In both green algae and plants, carbohydrates are stored in the plastid.
The green algae are subdivided into the chlorophytes and the charophytes.
The charophytes are the closest living relatives to land plants and resemble them in morphology and reproductive strategies.
The familiar Spirogyra is a charophyte.
Charophytes are common in wet habitats, and their presence often signals a healthy ecosystem.
Charophytes are common in wet habitats.
their presence often signals a healthy ecosystem.
The chlorophytes exhibit great diversity of form and function.
Chlorophytes primarily inhabit freshwater and damp soil, and are a common component of plankton.
Chlorophytes primarily inhabit freshwater and damp soil.
Chlamydomonas is a simple, unicellular chlorophyte with a pear- shaped morphology and two opposing, anterior flagella that guide this protist toward light sensed by its eyespot.
Volvox colonies contain 500 to 60,000 cells, each with two flagella, contained within a hollow, spherical matrix composed of a gelatinous glycoprotein secretion.
Individual cells in a Volvox colony move in a coordinated fashion and are interconnected by cytoplasmic bridges.
Daughter colonies are produced with their flagella on the inside and have to evert as they are released.
Volvox aureus is a green alga in the supergroup Archaeplastida.
This species exists as a colony, consisting of cells immersed in a gel-like matrix and intertwined with each other via hair-like cytoplasmic extensions.
True multicellular organisms, such as the sea lettuce, Ulva, are also represented among the chlorophytes.
In addition, some chlorophytes exist as large, multinucleate, single cells.
Caulerpa species undergo nuclear division, but their cells do not complete cytokinesis, remaining instead as massive and elaborate single cells.
Caulerpa taxifolia is a chlorophyte consisting of a single cell containing potentially thousands of nuclei.
An interesting question is how a single cell can produce such complex shapes.
LINK TO LEARNING Take a look at this video to see cytoplasmic streaming in a green alga.
Amoebozoa Like the Archaeplastida, the Amoebozoa include species with single cells, species with large multinucleated cells, and species that have multicellular phases.
Amoebozoa Like the Archaeplastida, the Amoebozoa include species with single cells, species with large multinucleated cells.
Amoebozoan cells characteristically exhibit pseudopodia that extend like tubes or flat lobes.
The protist then transports its cytoplasm into the pseudopod, thereby moving the entire cell.
The Amoebozoa include both free-living and parasitic species.
Gymnomoebae The Gymnamoeba or lobose amoebae include both naked amoebae like the familiar Amoeba proteus and shelled amoebae, whose bodies protrude like snails from their protective tests.
Amoeba proteus is a large amoeba about 500 µm in diameter but is dwarfed by the multinucleate amoebae Pelomyxa, which can be 10 times its size.
Although Pelomyxa may have hundreds of nuclei, it has lost its mitochondria, but replaced them with bacterial endosymbionts.
The secondary loss or modification of mitochondria is a feature also seen in other protist groups.
Amoebae with tubular and lobe-shaped pseudopodia are seen under a microscope.
These isolates would be morphologically classified as amoebozoans.
Slime Molds A subset of the amoebozoans, the slime molds, has several morphological similarities to fungi that are thought to be the result of convergent evolution.
For instance, during times of stress, some slime molds develop into spore- generating fruiting bodies, much like fungi.
The slime molds are categorized on the basis of their life cycles into plasmodial or cellular types.
Upon maturation, the plasmodium takes on a net-like appearance with the ability to form fruiting bodies, or sporangia, during times of stress.
Upon maturation, the plasmodium takes on a net-like appearance with the ability to form fruiting bodies.
Haploid spores are produced by meiosis within the sporangia, and spores can be disseminated through the air or water to potentially land in more favorable environments.
Haploid spores are produced by meiosis within the sporangia.
spores can be disseminated through the air or water to potentially land in more favorable environments.
The brightly colored plasmodium in the inset photo is a single-celled, multinucleate mass.
When food is depleted, cellular slime molds aggregate into a mass of cells that behaves as a single unit, called a slug.
As with plasmodial slime molds, the spores are disseminated and can germinate if they land in a moist environment.
One representative genus of the cellular slime molds is Dictyostelium, which commonly exists in the damp soil of forests.
Opisthokonta The Opisthokonts are named for the single posterior flagellum seen in flagellated cells of the group.
The flagella of other protists are anterior and their movement pulls the cells along, while the opisthokonts are pushed.
The flagella of other protists are anterior and their movement pulls the cells along.
Protist members of the opisthokonts include the animal-like choanoflagellates, which are believed to resemble the common ancestor of sponges and perhaps, all animals.
In these organisms, the single, apical flagellum is surrounded by a contractile collar composed of microvilli.
The collar is used to filter and collect bacteria for ingestion by the protist.
A similar feeding mechanism is seen in the collar cells of sponges, which suggests a possible connection between choanoflagellates and animals.
The Mesomycetozoa form a small group of parasites, primarily of fish, and at least one form that can parasitize humans.
The Mesomycetozoa form a small group of parasites, primarily of fish.
Their life cycles are poorly understood.
These organisms are of special interest, because they appear to be so closely related to animals.
In the past, they were grouped with fungi and other protists based on their morphology.
The next three supergroups all contain at least some photosynthetic members whose chloroplasts were derived by secondary endosymbiosis.
They also show some interesting variations in nuclear structure, and modification of mitochondria or chloroplasts.
They also show some interesting variations in nuclear structure.
Many rhizarians make elaborate and beautiful tests—armor-like coverings for the body of the cell—composed of calcium carbonate, silicon, or strontium salts.
Many rhizarians make elaborate and beautiful tests—armor-like coverings for the body of the cell—composed of calcium carbonate, silicon.
Rhizarians have important roles in both carbon and nitrogen cycles.
When rhizarians die, and their tests sink into deep water, the carbonates are out of reach of most decomposers, locking carbon dioxide away from the atmosphere.
When rhizarians die.
their tests sink into deep water, the carbonates are out of reach of most decomposers, locking carbon dioxide away from the atmosphere.
The biological carbon pump is a crucial component of the carbon cycle that maintains lower atmospheric carbon dioxide levels.
Foraminiferans are unusual in that they are the only eukaryotes known to participate in the nitrogen cycle by denitrification, an activity usually served only by prokaryotes.
Ammonia tepida, a Rhizaria species viewed here using phase contrast light microscopy, exhibits many threadlike pseudopodia.
It also has a chambered calcium carbonate shell or test.
As a group, the forams exhibit porous shells, called tests that are built from various organic materials and typically hardened with calcium carbonate.
The tests may house photosynthetic algae, which the forams can harvest for nutrition.
Foram pseudopodia extend through the pores and allow the forams to move, feed, and gather additional building materials.
Foram pseudopodia extend through the pores and allow the forams to move, feed.
Typically, forams are associated with sand or other particles in marine or freshwater habitats.
Foraminiferans are also useful as indicators of pollution and changes in global weather patterns.
These shells from foraminifera sank to the sea floor.
Needle-like pseudopods supported by microtubules radiate outward from the cell bodies of these protists and function to catch food particles.
The shells of dead radiolarians sink to the ocean floor, where they may accumulate in 100 meter-thick depths.
Preserved, sedimented radiolarians are very common in the fossil record.
Cercozoa The Cercozoa are both morphologically and metabolically diverse, and include both naked and shelled forms.
Cercozoa The Cercozoa are both morphologically and metabolically diverse.
Vampyrellids or "vampire amoebae," as their name suggests, obtain their nutrients by thrusting a pseudopod into the interior of other cells and sucking out their contents.
This rhizarian is mixotrophic, and can obtain nutrients both by photosynthesis and by trapping various microorganisms with its network of pseudopodia.
This rhizarian is mixotrophic.
Therefore, the ancestor of chromalveolates is believed to have resulted from a secondary endosymbiotic event.
However, some chromalveolates appear to have lost red alga- derived plastid organelles or lack plastid genes altogether.
Therefore, this supergroup should be considered a hypothesis-based working group that is subject to change.
Chromalveolates include very important photosynthetic organisms, such as diatoms, brown algae, and significant disease agents in animals and plants.
Chromalveolates include very important photosynthetic organisms, such as diatoms, brown algae.
The chromalveolates can be subdivided into alveolates and stramenopiles.
Alveolates: Dinoflagellates, Apicomplexians, and Ciliates A large body of data supports that the alveolates are derived from a shared common ancestor.
Ciliates A large body of data supports that the alveolates are derived from a shared common ancestor.
The alveolates are named for the presence of an alveolus, or membrane-enclosed sac, beneath the cell membrane.
The alveolates are named for the presence of an alveolus.
The exact function of the alveolus is unknown, but it may be involved in osmoregulation.
The alveolates are further categorized into some of the better-known protists: the dinoflagellates, the apicomplexans, and the ciliates.
The alveolates are further categorized into some of the better-known protists: the dinoflagellates, the apicomplexans.
Dinoflagellates exhibit extensive morphological diversity and can be photosynthetic, heterotrophic, or mixotrophic.
Dinoflagellates exhibit extensive morphological diversity and can be photosynthetic, heterotrophic.
The chloroplast of photosynthetic dinoflagellates was derived by secondary endosymbiosis of a red alga.
Many dinoflagellates are encased in interlocking plates of cellulose.
Together, the flagella contribute to the characteristic spinning motion of dinoflagellates.
The dinoflagellates exhibit great diversity in shape.
Movement of these two perpendicular flagella causes a spinning motion.
Dinoflagellates have a nuclear variant called a dinokaryon.
The chromosomes in the dinokaryon are highly condensed throughout the cell cycle and do not have typical histones.
Mitosis in dinoflagellates is closed, that is, the spindle separates the chromosomes from outside of the nucleus without breakdown of the nuclear envelope.
Some dinoflagellates generate light, called bioluminescence, when they are jarred or stressed.
For approximately 20 species of marine dinoflagellates, population explosions during the summer months can tint the ocean with a muddy red color.
it results from the abundant red pigments present in dinoflagellate plastids.
In large quantities, these dinoflagellate species secrete an asphyxiating toxin that can kill fish, birds, and marine mammals.
In large quantities, these dinoflagellate species secrete an asphyxiating toxin that can kill fish, birds.
Red tides can be massively detrimental to commercial fisheries, and humans who consume these protists may become poisoned.
Red tides can be massively detrimental to commercial fisheries.
Bioluminescence is emitted from dinoflagellates in a breaking wave, as seen from the New Jersey coast.
The apicoplast genome is similar to those of dinoflagellate chloroplasts.
The apical complex is specialized for entry and infection of host cells.
Indeed, all apicomplexans are parasitic.
This group includes the genus Plasmodium, which causes malaria in humans.
Apicomplexan life cycles are complex, involving multiple hosts and stages of sexual and asexual reproduction.
Apicomplexans are parasitic protists.
They have a characteristic apical complex that enables them to infect host cells.
Plasmodium, the causative agent of malaria, has a complex life cycle typical of apicomplexans.
The ciliates, which include Paramecium and Tetrahymena, are a group of protists 10 to 3,000 micrometers in length that are covered in rows, tufts, or spirals of tiny cilia.
The ciliates, which include Paramecium and Tetrahymena, are a group of protists 10 to 3,000 micrometers in length that are covered in rows, tufts.
By beating their cilia synchronously or in waves, ciliates can coordinate directed movements and ingest food particles.
Certain ciliates have fused cilia-based structures that function like paddles, funnels, or fins.
Certain ciliates have fused cilia-based structures that function like paddles, funnels.
Ciliates also are surrounded by a pellicle, providing protection without compromising agility.
Food captured in the oral groove enters a food vacuole, where it combines with digestive enzymes.
Waste particles are expelled by an exocytic vesicle that fuses at a specific region on the cell membrane, called the anal pore.
Ciliates therefore exhibit considerable structural complexity without having achieved multicellularity.
Paramecium has a primitive mouth to ingest food, and an anal pore to eliminate waste.
Paramecium has a primitive mouth to ingest food.
Contractile vacuoles allow the organism to excrete excess water.
Cilia enable the organism to move.
Paramecium has two nuclei, a macronucleus and a micronucleus, in each cell.
The micronucleus is essential for sexual reproduction, and is in many ways a typical eukaryotic nucleus, except that its genes are not transcribed.
The micronucleus is essential for sexual reproduction.
is in many ways a typical eukaryotic nucleus, except that its genes are not transcribed.
The transcribed nucleus is the macronucleus, which directs asexual binary fission and all other biological functions.
The macronucleus is a multiploid nucleus constructed from the micronucleus during sexual reproduction.
reconstruction of the macronucleus is necessary because the macronucleus divides amitotically, and thus becomes genetically unbalanced over a period of successive cell replications.
reconstruction of the macronucleus is necessary because the macronucleus divides amitotically.
Paramecium and most other ciliates reproduce sexually by conjugation.
The diploid micronucleus in each cell then undergoes meiosis to produce four haploid micronuclei.
The cells each exchange one of these haploid nuclei and move away from each other.
Fusion of the haploid micronuclei generates a completely novel diploid pre- micronucleus in each conjugative cell.
The copies of the micronuclear chromosomes are severely edited to form hundreds of smaller chromosomes that contain only the protein coding genes.
Each of these smaller chromosomes gets new telomeres as the macronucleus differentiates.
Two cycles of cell division then yield four new Paramecia from each original conjugative cell.
The complex process of sexual reproduction in Paramecium creates eight daughter cells from two original cells.
Each cell has a macronucleus and a micronucleus.
During sexual reproduction, the macronucleus dissolves and is replaced by a micronucleus.
a. The macronuclei are derived from micronuclei.
Both mitosis and meiosis occur during sexual reproduction.
Each parent produces four daughter cells.
Stramenopiles: Diatoms, Brown Algae, Golden Algae and Oomycetes The other subgroup of chromalveolates, the stramenopiles, includes photosynthetic marine algae and heterotrophic protists.
The chloroplast of these algae is derived from red alga.
The identifying feature of this group is the presence of a textured, or "hairy," flagellum.
The identifying feature of this group is the presence of a textured.
This stramenopile cell has a single hairy flagellum and a secondary smooth flagellum.
These protists are a component of freshwater and marine plankton.
Most species of diatoms reproduce asexually, although some instances of sexual reproduction and sporulation also exist.
Some diatoms exhibit a slit in their silica shell, called a raphe.
By expelling a stream of mucopolysaccharides from the raphe, the diatom can attach to surfaces or propel itself in one direction.
During periods of nutrient availability, diatom populations bloom to numbers greater than can be consumed by aquatic organisms.
As a result, the carbon dioxide that the diatoms had consumed and incorporated into their cells during photosynthesis is not returned to the atmosphere.
Along with rhizarians and other shelled protists, diatoms help to maintain a balanced carbon cycle.
Like diatoms, golden algae are largely unicellular, although some species can form large colonies.
Golden algae are found in both freshwater and marine environments, where they form a major part of the plankton community.
The brown algae are primarily marine, multicellular organisms that are known colloquially as seaweeds.
Giant kelps are a type of brown alga.
Some brown algae have evolved specialized tissues that resemble terrestrial plants, with root-like holdfasts, stem-like stipes, and leaf-like blades that are capable of photosynthesis.
Some brown algae have evolved specialized tissues that resemble terrestrial plants, with root-like holdfasts, stem-like stipes.
The stipes of giant kelps are enormous, extending in some cases for 60 meters.
Like the green algae, brown algae have a variety of life cycles, including alternation of generations.
Several species of brown algae, such as the Laminaria shown here, have evolved life cycles in which both the haploid and diploid forms are multicellular.
The gametophyte is different in structure than the sporophyte.
The sporophyte is the 2n plant.
The gametophyte is diploid.
Both the gametophyte and sporophyte stages are multicellular.
The water molds, oomycetes, were so-named based on their fungus-like morphology, but molecular data have shown that the water molds are not closely related to fungi.
The oomycetes are characterized by a cellulose-based cell wall and an extensive network of filaments that allow for nutrient uptake.
As diploid spores, many oomycetes have two oppositely directed flagella for locomotion.
Most oomycetes are aquatic, but some parasitize terrestrial plants.
One plant pathogen is Phytophthora infestans, the causative agent of late blight of potatoes, such as occurred in the nineteenth century Irish potato famine.
Excavata Many of the protist species classified into the supergroup Excavata are asymmetrical, single-celled organisms with a feeding groove "excavated" from one side.
This supergroup includes heterotrophic predators, photosynthetic species, and parasites.
This supergroup includes heterotrophic predators, photosynthetic species.
Its subgroups are the diplomonads, parabasalids, and euglenozoans.
Its subgroups are the diplomonads, parabasalids.
The group includes a variety of modified mitochondria, as well as chloroplasts derived from green algae by secondary endosymbiosis.
Until recently, these protists were believed to lack mitochondria.
Mitochondrial remnant organelles, called mitosomes, have since been identified in diplomonads, but although these mitosomes are essentially nonfunctional as respiratory organelles, they do function in iron and sulfur metabolism.
Diplomonads exist in anaerobic environments and use alternative pathways, such as glycolysis, to generate energy.
Each diplomonad cell has two similar, but not identical haploid nuclei.
Diplomonads have four pairs of locomotor flagella that are fairly deeply rooted in basal bodies that lie between the two nuclei.
The mammalian intestinal parasite Giardia lamblia, visualized here using scanning electron microscopy, is a waterborne protist that causes severe diarrhea when ingested.
Parabasalids A second Excavata subgroup, the parabasalids, are named for the parabasal apparatus, which consists of a Golgi complex associated with cytoskeletal fibers.
Other cytoskeletal features include an axostyle, a bundle of fibers that runs the length of the cell and may even extend beyond it.
Parabasalids move with flagella and membrane rippling, and these and other cytoskeletal modifications may assist locomotion.
Parabasalids move with flagella and membrane rippling.
these and other cytoskeletal modifications may assist locomotion.
Like the diplomonads, the parabasalids exhibit modified mitochondria.
In parabasalids these structures function anaerobically and are called hydrogenosomes because they produce hydrogen gas as a byproduct.
The parabasalid Trichomonas vaginalis causes trichomoniasis, a sexually transmitted disease in humans, which appears in an estimated 180 million cases worldwide each year.
Pregnant people infected with T. vaginalis are at an increased risk of serious complications, such as pre-term delivery.
Some of the most complex of the parabasalids are those that colonize the rumen of ruminant animals and the guts of termites.
These organisms can digest cellulose, a metabolic talent that is unusual among eukaryotic cells.
They have multiple flagella arranged in complex patterns and some additionally recruit spirochetes that attach to their surface to act as accessory locomotor structures.
Euglenozoans Euglenozoans includes parasites, heterotrophs, autotrophs, and mixotrophs, ranging in size from 10 to 500 µm.
Euglenozoans Euglenozoans includes parasites, heterotrophs, autotrophs.
Euglenoids move through their aquatic habitats using two long flagella that guide them toward light sources sensed by a primitive ocular organ called an eyespot.
The familiar genus, Euglena, encompasses some mixotrophic species that display a photosynthetic capability only when light is present.
The chloroplast of Euglena descends from a green alga by secondary endosymbiosis.
In the dark, the chloroplasts of Euglena shrink up and temporarily cease functioning, and the cells instead take up organic nutrients from their environment.
In the dark, the chloroplasts of Euglena shrink up and temporarily cease functioning.
the cells instead take up organic nutrients from their environment.
Euglena has a tough pellicle composed of bands of protein attached to the cytoskeleton.
The bands spiral around the cell and give Euglena its exceptional flexibility.
The human parasite, Trypanosoma brucei, belongs to a different subgroup of Euglenozoa, the kinetoplastids.
kinetoplastid subgroup is named after the kinetoplast, a large modified mitochondrion carrying multiple circular DNAs.
This subgroup includes several parasites, collectively called trypanosomes, which cause devastating human diseases and infect an insect species during a portion of their life cycle.
T. brucei develops in the gut of the tsetse fly after the fly bites an infected human or other mammalian host.
The parasite then travels to the insect salivary glands to be transmitted to another human or other mammal when the infected tsetse fly consumes another blood meal.
Trypanosoma brucei, the causative agent of sleeping sickness, spends part of its life cycle in the tsetse fly and part in humans.
Protists function in various ecological niches.
Whereas some protist species are essential components of the food chain and generators of biomass, others function in the decomposition of organic materials.
Still other protists are dangerous human pathogens or causative agents of devastating plant diseases.
Primary Producers/Food Sources Protists are essential sources of food and provide nutrition for many other organisms.
In some cases, as with zooplankton, protists are consumed directly.
Alternatively, photosynthetic protists serve as producers of nutrition for other organisms.
This is a temporary version of the secondarily endosymbiotic chloroplast found in Euglena.
But these symbiotic associations are not restricted to protists.
In turn, the corals provide the protist with a protected environment and the compounds needed for photosynthesis.
This type of symbiotic relationship is important in nutrient-poor environments.
Without dinoflagellate symbionts, corals lose algal pigments in a process called coral bleaching, and they eventually die.
Without dinoflagellate symbionts, corals lose algal pigments in a process called coral bleaching.
they eventually die.
This explains why reef-building corals typically do not reside in waters deeper than 20 meters: insufficient light reaches those depths for dinoflagellates to photosynthesize.
Coral polyps obtain nutrition through a symbiotic relationship with dinoflagellates.
As primary producers, protists feed a large proportion of the world's aquatic species.
In fact, approximately 25 percent of the world's photosynthesis is conducted by photosynthetic protists, particularly dinoflagellates, diatoms, and multicellular algae.
In fact, approximately 25 percent of the world's photosynthesis is conducted by photosynthetic protists, particularly dinoflagellates, diatoms.
Virtually all aquatic organisms depend directly or indirectly on protists for food.
Protists do not create food sources only for sea-dwelling organisms.
Human Pathogens As we have seen, a pathogen is anything that causes disease.
Parasitic organisms live in or on a host organism and harm the organism.
A small number of protists are serious pathogenic parasites that must infect other organisms to survive and propagate.
For example, protist parasites include the causative agents of malaria, African sleeping sickness, amoebic encephalitis, and waterborne gastroenteritis in humans.
For example, protist parasites include the causative agents of malaria, African sleeping sickness, amoebic encephalitis.
Other protist pathogens prey on plants, effecting massive destruction of food crops.
The only healthy faces were worn by those immigrants who had just arrived.
We now know that malaria is caused by several species of the apicomplexan protist genus Plasmodium.
Members of Plasmodium must sequentially require both a mosquito and a vertebrate to complete their life cycle.
In 2015, it was estimated that malaria caused over 400,000 deaths, mostly in African children.
During the course of malaria, P. falciparum can infect and destroy more than one-half of a human's circulating blood cells, leading to severe anemia.
Ironically, a type of genetic control has arisen in parts of the world where malaria is endemic.
Possession of one copy of the HbS beta globin allele results in malaria resistance.
Unfortunately, this allele also has an unfortunate second effect; when homozygous it causes sickle cell disease.
Unfortunately, this allele also has an unfortunate second effect.
when homozygous it causes sickle cell disease.
Red blood cells are shown to be infected with P. falciparum, the causative agent of malaria.
LINK TO LEARNING This movie depicts the pathogenesis of Plasmodium falciparum, the causative agent of malaria.
This trypanosome confounds the human immune system by changing its thick layer of surface glycoproteins with each infectious cycle.
However, T. brucei has thousands of possible antigens, and with each subsequent generation, the protist switches to a glycoprotein coating with a different molecular structure.
However, T. brucei has thousands of possible antigens.
with each subsequent generation, the protist switches to a glycoprotein coating with a different molecular structure.
In this way, T. brucei is capable of replicating continuously without the immune system ever succeeding in clearing the parasite.
During epidemic periods, mortality from the disease can be high.
LINK TO LEARNING This movie discusses the pathogenesis of Trypanosoma brucei, the causative agent of African sleeping sickness.
In Latin America, another species of trypanosome, T. cruzi, is responsible for Chagas disease.
T. cruzi infections are mainly caused by a blood-sucking "kissing bug" in the genus Triatoma.
These "true bugs" bite the host during the night and then defecate on the wound, transmitting the trypanosome to the victim.
The victim scratches the wound, further inoculating the site with trypanosomes at the location of the bite.
An estimated 10 million people are infected with Chagas disease, and it is estimated to cause 10,000-12,000 deaths per year.
An estimated 10 million people are infected with Chagas disease.
it is estimated to cause 10,000-12,000 deaths per year.
Trypanosomes are shown among red blood cells.
Plant Parasites Protist parasites of terrestrial plants include agents that destroy food crops.
Grape plants infected with P. viticola appear stunted and have discolored, withered leaves.
The spread of downy mildew nearly collapsed the French wine industry in the nineteenth century.
Both downy and powdery mildews on this grape leaf are caused by an infection of P. viticola.
Late blight continues to plague potato crops in certain parts of the United States and Russia, wiping out as much as 70 percent of crops when no pesticides are applied.
These unappetizing remnants result from an infection with P. infestans, the causative agent of potato late blight.
Protist Decomposers The fungus-like protist saprobes are specialized to absorb nutrients from nonliving organic matter, such as dead organisms or their wastes.
For instance, many types of oomycetes grow on dead animals or algae.
Saprobic protists have the essential function of returning inorganic nutrients to the soil and water.
This process allows for new plant growth, which in turn generates sustenance for other organisms along the food chain.
Indeed, without saprobe species, such as protists, fungi, and bacteria, life would cease to exist as all organic carbon became "tied up" in dead organisms.
bacteria, life would cease to exist as all organic carbon became "tied up" in dead organisms.
Today's eukaryotes are very The oldest fossil evidence of eukaryotes is about 2 diverse in their shapes, organization, life cycles, and billion years old.
Today's eukaryotes are very The oldest fossil evidence of eukaryotes is about 2 diverse in their shapes, organization, life cycles.
Fossils older than this all appear to be number of cells per individual.
It is probable that today's eukaryotes are descended from an ancestor that had a prokaryotic 23.2 Characteristics of Protists organization.
Its chromosomes were phylogenetically unrelated groups.
Protists display linear and contained DNA associated with histones.
highly varied cell structures, several types of The nuclear genome seems to be descended from an reproductive strategies, virtually every possible type of archaean ancestor.
This ancestor would have had a nutrition, and varied habitats.
This ancestor would have had a nutrition.
Most single-celled cytoskeleton and divided its chromosomes mitotically.
protists are motile, but these organisms use diverse The ancestral cytoskeletal system included the ability structures for transportation.
It was aerobic because it had mitochondria 23.3 Groups of Protists derived from an aerobic alpha-proteobacterium that The process of classifying protists into meaningful lived inside a host cell.
Whether this host had a nucleus groups is ongoing, but genetic data in the past 20 years at the time of the initial symbiosis remains unknown.
The majority view at present is to commonalities at the morphological, physiological, and order all eukaryotes into six supergroups: ecological levels can be identified.
The majority view at present is to commonalities at the morphological, physiological.
order all eukaryotes into six supergroups: ecological levels can be identified.
At web: as primary producers, as direct food sources, and present, the monophyly of some of the supergroups are as decomposers.
present, the monophyly of some of the supergroups are as decomposers.
In addition, many protists are better supported by genetic data than others.
Although parasites of plants and animals and can cause deadly tremendous variation exists within the supergroups, human diseases or destroy valuable crops.
The macronuclei are derived from c.
Both mitosis and meiosis occur during stages are multicellular.
this organism has no detectable mitochondrial a. global warming genes.
However, its genome was arranged in b. glaciation linear chromosomes wrapped around histones c. volcanic activity which are contained within the nucleus.
d. oxygenation of the atmosphere Monocercomonoides is therefore a _________.
Which of the following observations about a bacterium would distinguish it from the last 6.
Protists that have a pellicle are surrounded by a. green algae ______________.
b. cyanobacteria a. silica dioxide c. red algae b. calcium carbonate d. chlorarachniophytes c. carbohydrates d. proteins 8.
A marine biologist analyzing water samples notices a protist with a calcium carbonate shell 13.
Alternation of generations describes which of that moves by pseudopodia extension.
diploid form is unicellular.
The haploid form is unicellular; the diploid b. Circogonia icosahedra form can be multicellular.
The haploid form is unicellular.
the diploid b. Circogonia icosahedra form can be multicellular.
Both the haploid and diploid forms can be d.
An example of carbon fixation is can be multicellular.
The amoeba E. histolytica is a pathogen that b. decomposition forms liver abscesses in infected individuals.
Its c. phagocytosis metabolic classification is most likely ______.
Which parasitic protist evades the host immune c. Aerobic phototroph system by altering its surface proteins with each d.
c. Plasmodium falciparum a. slime molds d. Phytophthora infestans b. diatoms c. parabasalids 22.
a. They fix carbon into organic molecules.
Conjugation between two Paramecia produces b.
They occupy the apex producer niche. ________ total daughter cells.
They enter symbiotic relationships with a. 2 animals.
Some aspects of eukaryotes are more similar to resolve this paradox.
Opisthokonta includes animals and fungi, as well 26.
Giardia lamblia is a cyst-forming protist parasite as protists.
environments might G. lamblia cysts be 31.
that the kingdom Protista includes a wide 32.
The chlorophyte genera Ulva and Caulerpa both have macroscopic leaf-like and 34.