# Biology2e Chapter 25 — Seedless Plants
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 539

Seedless plants, like these horsetails, thrive in damp, shaded environments under a tree canopy where dryness is rare.
INTRODUCTION An incredible variety of seedless plants populates the terrestrial landscape.
Mosses may grow on a tree trunk, and horsetails may display their jointed stems and spindly leaves across the forest floor.
Mosses may grow on a tree trunk.
horsetails may display their jointed stems and spindly leaves across the forest floor.
Their decomposition created large deposits of coal that we mine today.
Current evolutionary thought holds that all plants—some green algae as well as land plants—are monophyletic; that is, they are descendants of a single common ancestor.
Current evolutionary thought holds that all plants—some green algae as well as land plants—are monophyletic.
that is, they are descendants of a single common ancestor.
The evolutionary transition from water to land imposed severe constraints on plants.
They had to develop strategies to avoid drying out, to disperse reproductive cells in air, for structural support, and for capturing and filtering sunlight.
They had to develop strategies to avoid drying out, to disperse reproductive cells in air, for structural support.
While seed plants have developed adaptations that allow them to populate even the most arid habitats on Earth, full independence from water did not happen in all plants.
Most seedless plants still require a moist environment for reproduction.
The kingdom Plantae constitutes large and varied groups of organisms.
Mosses, ferns, conifers, and flowering plants are all members of the plant kingdom.
flowering plants are all members of the plant kingdom.
Land plants arose within the Archaeplastida, which includes the red algae and two groups of green algae, Chlorophyta and Charaphyta.
Most biologists also consider at least some green algae to be plants, although others exclude all algae from the plant kingdom.
These characteristics are absent from other types of algae.
Algae and Evolutionary Paths to Photosynthesis Some scientists consider all algae to be plants, while others assert that only the green algae belong in the kingdom Plantae.
Algae and Evolutionary Paths to Photosynthesis Some scientists consider all algae to be plants.
others assert that only the green algae belong in the kingdom Plantae.
Still others include only the Charophytes among the plants.
These divergent opinions are related to the different evolutionary paths to photosynthesis selected for in different types of algae.
While all algae are photosynthetic—that is, they contain some form of a chloroplast—they didn't all become photosynthetic via the same path.
The ancestors to the Archaeplastida became photosynthetic by forming an endosymbiotic relationship with a green, photosynthetic bacterium about 1.65 billion years ago.
That algal line evolved into the red and green algae, and eventually into the modern mosses, ferns, gymnosperms, and angiosperms.
That algal line evolved into the red and green algae.
Their evolutionary trajectory was relatively straight and monophyletic.
Scientists who solely track evolutionary straight lines, consider only the Charophytes as plants.
The common ancestor of Charophytes and land plants excludes the other members of the Archaeplastida.
Charophytes also share other features with the land plants.
These will be discussed in more detail in another section.
Plant Adaptations to Life on Land As organisms adapted to life on land, they had to contend with several challenges in the terrestrial environment.
The cell's interior is a thick soup: in this medium, most small molecules dissolve and diffuse, and the majority of the chemical reactions of metabolism take place.
The cell's interior is a thick soup: in this medium, most small molecules dissolve and diffuse.
the majority of the chemical reactions of metabolism take place.
Desiccation, or drying out, is a constant danger for an organism exposed to air.
Even when parts of a plant are close to a source of water, the aerial structures are likely to dry out.
Water also provides buoyancy to organisms.
On land, plants need to develop structural support in a medium that does not give the same lift as water.
The organism is also subject to bombardment by mutagenic radiation, because air does not filter out ultraviolet rays of sunlight.
Additionally, the male gametes must reach the female gametes using new strategies, because swimming is no longer possible.
Therefore, both gametes and zygotes must be protected from desiccation.
Not all adaptations appeared at once.
Some species never moved very far from the aquatic environment, whereas others went on to conquer the driest environments on Earth.
Some species never moved very far from the aquatic environment.
To balance these survival challenges, life on land offers several advantages.
First, sunlight is abundant.
Water acts as a filter, altering the spectral quality of light absorbed by the photosynthetic pigment chlorophyll.
Second, carbon dioxide is more readily available in air than in water, since it diffuses faster in air.
Third, land plants evolved before land animals; therefore, until dry land was colonized by animals, no predators threatened plant life.
Third, land plants evolved before land animals.
therefore, until dry land was colonized by animals, no predators threatened plant life.
In turn, plants developed strategies to deter predation: from spines and thorns to toxic chemicals.
Early land plants, like the early land animals, did not live very far from an abundant source of water and developed survival strategies to combat dryness.
Another strategy is to colonize environments with high humidity, where droughts are uncommon.
Ferns, which are considered an early lineage of plants, thrive in damp and cool places such as the understory of temperate forests.
Later, plants moved away from moist or aquatic environments using resistance to desiccation, rather than tolerance.
These plants, like cacti, minimize the loss of water to such an extent they can survive in extremely dry environments.
The most successful adaptation solution was the development of new structures that gave plants the advantage when colonizing new and dry environments.
Four major adaptations contribute to the success of terrestrial plants.
Second is an apical meristem tissue in roots and shoots.
Third is the evolution of a waxy cuticle to resist desiccation.
Alternation of Generations All sexually reproducing organisms have both haploid and diploid cells in their life cycles.
In organisms with haplontic life cycles, the haploid stage is dominant, while in organisms with a diplontic life cycle, the diploid stage is the dominant life stage.
In organisms with haplontic life cycles, the haploid stage is dominant.
in organisms with a diplontic life cycle, the diploid stage is the dominant life stage.
Dominant in this context means both the stage in which the organism spends most of its time, and the stage in which most mitotic cell reproduction occurs—the multicellular stage.
Dominant in this context means both the stage in which the organism spends most of its time.
In haplontic life cycles, the only diploid cell is the zygote, which undergoes immediate meiosis to restore the haploid state.
In diplontic life cycles, the only haploid cells are the gametes, which combine to restore the diploid state at their earliest convenience.
Humans, for example, are diplontic.
This type of life cycle, which is found in all plants, is described as haplodiplontic.
Mitosis occurs in both gametophyte and sporophyte generations.
Diploid sporophytes produce haploid spores by meiosis, while haploid gametophytes produce gametes by mitosis.
Diploid sporophytes produce haploid spores by meiosis.
haploid gametophytes produce gametes by mitosis.
In alternation of generations, the multicellular haploid form, known as a gametophyte, is followed in the developmental sequence by a multicellular diploid form, the sporophyte.
The evolution of the land plants is marked by increasing prominence of the sporophyte generation.
The sporophyte stage is barely noticeable in non- vascular plants.
In the seed plants, the sporophyte phase can be a towering tree, as in sequoias and pines.
Protection of the embryo is a major requirement for land plants.
The vulnerable embryo must be sheltered from desiccation and other environmental hazards.
In both seedless and seed plants, the female gametophyte provides protection and nutrients to the embryo as it develops into the new sporophyte.
This distinguishing feature of land plants gave the group its alternate name of embryophytes.
The sporophyte of seedless plants is diploid and results from syngamy of two gametes.
The spores are later released by the sporangia and disperse in the environment.
When the haploid spore germinates in a hospitable environment, it generates a multicellular gametophyte by mitosis.
The gametophyte supports the zygote formed from the fusion of gametes and the resulting young sporophyte.
The cycle then begins anew.
Spore-producing sacs called sporangia grow at the ends of long, thin stalks in this photo of the moss Bryum capillare.
Non-vascular plants are homosporous, and the gametophyte is the dominant generation in the life cycle.
Non-vascular plants are homosporous.
the gametophyte is the dominant generation in the life cycle.
The male spores are called microspores, because of their smaller size, and develop into the male gametophyte; the comparatively larger megaspores develop into the female gametophyte.
The male spores are called microspores, because of their smaller size, and develop into the male gametophyte.
the comparatively larger megaspores develop into the female gametophyte.
The male spores are called microspores, because of their smaller size.
develop into the male gametophyte; the comparatively larger megaspores develop into the female gametophyte.
A few seedless vascular plants and all seed plants are heterosporous, and the sporophyte is the dominant generation.
A few seedless vascular plants and all seed plants are heterosporous.
the sporophyte is the dominant generation.
The spores of seedless plants are surrounded by thick cell walls containing a tough polymer known as sporopollenin.
As the name suggests, it is also found in the walls of pollen grains.
This complex substance is characterized by long chains of organic molecules related to fatty acids and carotenoids: hence the yellow color of most pollen.
Sporopollenin is unusually resistant to chemical and biological degradation.
In seed plants, in which pollen is the male gametophyte, the toughness of sporopollenin explains the existence of well-preserved pollen fossils.
Sporopollenin was once thought to be an innovation of land plants; however, the charophyte Coleochaetes also forms spores that contain sporopollenin.
Sporopollenin was once thought to be an innovation of land plants.
however, the charophyte Coleochaetes also forms spores that contain sporopollenin.
Gametangia in Seedless Plants Gametangia are structures observed on multicellular haploid gametophytes.
In the gametangia, precursor cells give rise to gametes by mitosis.
Seedless plants produce sperm equipped with flagella that enable them to swim in a moist environment to the archegonium: the female gametangium.
The embryo develops inside the archegonium as the sporophyte.
Gametangia are prominent in seedless plants, but are absent or rudimentary in seed plants.
The apical meristem is made of undifferentiated cells that continue to proliferate throughout the life of the plant.
Meristematic cells give rise to all the specialized tissues of the organism.
Addition of new cells in a root occurs at the apical meristem.
Subsequent enlargement of these cells causes the organ to grow and elongate.
The root cap protects the fragile apical meristem as the root tip is pushed through the soil by cell elongation.
Additional Land Plant Adaptations As plants adapted to dry land and became independent from the constant presence of water in damp habitats, new organs and structures made their appearance.
Early land plants did not grow more than a few inches off the ground, competing for light on these low mats.
By developing a shoot and growing taller, individual plants captured more light.
Because air offers substantially less support than water, land plants incorporated more rigid molecules in their stems.
In small plants such as single-celled algae, simple diffusion suffices to distribute water and nutrients throughout the organism.
However, for plants to evolve larger forms, the evolution of a conductive tissue for the distribution of water and solutes was a prerequisite.
The evolution of vascular tissue in plants met both of these needs.
The vascular system contains two types of conductive tissue: xylem and phloem.
Xylem conducts water and minerals absorbed from the soil up to the shoot, while phloem transports food derived from photosynthesis throughout the entire plant.
Xylem conducts water and minerals absorbed from the soil up to the shoot.
phloem transports food derived from photosynthesis throughout the entire plant.
In xylem, the cells walls are reinforced with lignin, whose tough hydrophobic polymers help prevent the seepage of water across the xylem cell walls.
Lignin also adds to the strength of these tissues in supporting the plant.
The vascular tissues extend into the root of land plants.
In land plants, a waxy, waterproof cover called a cuticle protects the leaves and stems from desiccation.
However, the cuticle also prevents intake of carbon dioxide needed for the synthesis of carbohydrates through photosynthesis.
Water filters ultraviolet-B light, which is harmful to all organisms, especially those that must absorb light to survive.
This filtering does not occur for land plants.
Plants cannot avoid being eaten by animals.
These toxic compounds can also cause severe diseases and even death, thus discouraging predation.
Humans have used many of these compounds for centuries as drugs, medications, or spices.
Humans have used many of these compounds for centuries as drugs, medications.
In contrast, as plants co-evolved with animals, the development of sweet and nutritious metabolites lured animals into providing valuable assistance in dispersing pollen grains, fruit, or seeds.
In contrast, as plants co-evolved with animals, the development of sweet and nutritious metabolites lured animals into providing valuable assistance in dispersing pollen grains, fruit.
Plants have been enlisting animals to be their helpers in this way for hundreds of millions of years.
Evolution of Land Plants No discussion of the evolution of plants on land can be undertaken without a brief review of the timeline of the geological eras.
The early era, known as the Paleozoic, is divided into six periods.
It starts with the Cambrian period, followed by the Ordovician, Silurian, Devonian, Carboniferous, and Permian.
It starts with the Cambrian period, followed by the Ordovician, Silurian, Devonian, Carboniferous.
The major event to mark the Ordovician, more than 500 million years ago, was the colonization of land by the ancestors of modern land plants.
Fossilized cells, cuticles, and spores of early land plants have been dated as far back as the Ordovician period in the early Paleozoic era.
spores of early land plants have been dated as far back as the Ordovician period in the early Paleozoic era.
The oldest-known vascular plants have been identified in deposits from the late Silurian and early Devonian.
This Rhynie chert contains fossilized material from vascular plants.
Reconstruction of Cooksonia, is shown based upon the fossilized remains inside the circle in.
Paleobotanists distinguish between extinct species, as fossils, and extant species, which are still living.
Paleobotanists distinguish between extinct species, as fossils.
These extinct vascular plants most probably lacked true leaves and roots and formed low vegetation mats similar in size to modern-day mosses, although some could reach one meter in height.
The later genus Cooksonia, which flourished during the Silurian, has been extensively studied from well-preserved examples.
Imprints of Cooksonia show slender branching stems ending in what appear to be sporangia.
From the recovered specimens, it is not possible to establish for certain whether Cooksonia possessed vascular tissues.
Fossils indicate that by the end of the Devonian period, ferns, horsetails, and seed plants populated the landscape, giving rising to trees and forests.
Fossils indicate that by the end of the Devonian period, ferns, horsetails.
seed plants populated the landscape, giving rising to trees and forests.
This luxuriant vegetation helped enrich the atmosphere with oxygen, making it easier for air-breathing animals to colonize dry land.
Paleobotany addresses these questions through the analysis of fossilized specimens retrieved from field studies, reconstituting the morphology of organisms that disappeared long ago.
Paleobotanists trace the evolution of plants by following the modifications in plant morphology: shedding light on the connection between existing plants by identifying common ancestors that display the same traits.
This field seeks to find transitional species that bridge gaps in the path to the development of modern organisms.
Paleobotanists collect fossil specimens in the field and place them in the context of the geological sediments and other fossilized organisms surrounding them.
The activity requires great care to preserve the integrity of the delicate fossils and the layers of rock in which they are found.
Preservation of molecular structures requires an environment free of oxygen, since oxidation and degradation of material through the activity of microorganisms depend on its presence.
One example of the use of analytical chemistry and molecular biology is the identification of oleanane, a compound that deters pests.
Through this analysis, evolutionary relationships can be built for plant lineages.
Some paleobotanists are skeptical of the conclusions drawn from the analysis of molecular fossils.
Nevertheless, as technology is refined, the analysis of DNA from fossilized plants will provide invaluable information on the evolution of plants and their adaptation to an ever-changing environment.
The Major Divisions of Land Plants The green algae and land plants are grouped together into a subphylum called the Streptophyta, and thus are called Streptophytes.
The Major Divisions of Land Plants The green algae and land plants are grouped together into a subphylum called the Streptophyta.
Plants that lack vascular tissue, which is formed of specialized cells for the transport of water and nutrients, are referred to as non-vascular plants.
Liverworts, mosses, and hornworts are seedless, non-vascular plants that likely appeared early in land plant evolution.
hornworts are seedless, non-vascular plants that likely appeared early in land plant evolution.
Vascular plants developed a network of cells that conduct water and solutes.
Lycophytes and monilophytes are referred to as seedless vascular plants, because they do not produce seeds.
The seed plants, or spermatophytes, form the largest group of all existing plants, and hence dominate the landscape.
The seed plants, or spermatophytes, form the largest group of all existing plants.
Seed plants include gymnosperms, most notably conifers, which produce "naked seeds," and the most successful of all plants, the flowering plants.
Angiosperms protect their seeds inside chambers at the center of a flower; the walls of the chamber later develop into a fruit.
Angiosperms protect their seeds inside chambers at the center of a flower.
the walls of the chamber later develop into a fruit.
This table shows the major divisions of green plants.
a. Lycophytes and monilophytes are seedless vascular plants.
All vascular plants produce seeds.
All non-vascular embryophytes are bryophytes.
Seed plants include angiosperms and gymnosperms.
Streptophytes Until recently, all photosynthetic eukaryotes were classified as members of the kingdom Plantae.
The brown and golden algae, however, are now reassigned to the protist supergroup Chromalveolata.
The plants are now classified, along with the red and green algae, in the protist supergroup Archaeplastida.
Their cells contain chloroplasts that display a dizzying variety of shapes, and their cell walls contain cellulose, as do land plants.
Their cells contain chloroplasts that display a dizzying variety of shapes.
their cell walls contain cellulose, as do land plants.
Green algae fall into two major groups, the chlorophytes and the charophytes.
The chlorophytes include the genera Chlorella, Chlamydomonas, the "sea lettuce" Ulva, and the colonial alga Volvox.
The chlorophytes include the genera Chlorella, Chlamydomonas, the "sea lettuce" Ulva.
The charophytes include desmids, as well as the genera Spirogyra, Coleochaete, and Chara.
The charophytes include desmids, as well as the genera Spirogyra, Coleochaete.
Some green algae are single cells, such as Chlamydomonas and desmids, which adds to the ambiguity of green algae classification, because plants are multicellular.
Spirogyra is a long filament of colonial cells.
Most members of this genus live in fresh water, brackish water, seawater, or even in snow patches.
Most members of this genus live in fresh water, brackish water, seawater.
A few green algae can survive on soil, provided it is covered by a thin film of moisture within which they can live.
Periodic dry spells provide a selective advantage to algae that can survive water stress.
Charophyta include Spirogyra and desmids.
Chlorophyta include Chlamydomonas, and Ulva.
Chlorophyta include Chlamydomonas.
The chlorophytes and the charophytes differ in a few respects that, in addition to molecular analysis, place the land plants as a sister group of the charophytes.
In the chlorophytes, the cell plate is organized by a phycoplast, in which the microtubules are perpendicular to the spindle.
Second, only the charophytes and the land plants have plasmodesmata, or intercellular channels that allow the transfer of materials from cell to cell.
Second, only the charophytes and the land plants have plasmodesmata.
In the chlorophytes, intercellular connections do not persist in mature multicellular forms.
Finally, both charophytes and the land plants show apical growth—growth from the tips of the plant rather than throughout the plant body.
Consequently, land plants and the charophytes are now part of a new monophyletic group called Streptophyta.
Reproduction of Green Algae Green algae reproduce both asexually, by fragmentation or dispersal of spores, or sexually, by producing gametes that fuse during fertilization.
Reproduction of Green Algae Green algae reproduce both asexually, by fragmentation or dispersal of spores.
Both Chlamydomonas and Ulva produce flagellated gametes.
The charophytes include several different algal orders that have each been suggested to be the closest relatives of the land plants: the Charales, the Zygnematales, and the Coleochaetales.
The charophytes include several different algal orders that have each been suggested to be the closest relatives of the land plants: the Charales, the Zygnematales.
The Charales can be traced back 420 million years.
They live in a range of freshwater habitats and vary in size from a few millimeters to a meter in length.
Large cells form the thallus: the main stem of the alga.
Branches arising from the nodes are made of smaller cells.
Male and female reproductive structures are found on the nodes, and the sperm have flagella.
Male and female reproductive structures are found on the nodes.
the sperm have flagella.
Although Chara looks superficially like some land plants, a major difference is that the stem has no supportive tissue.
However, the Charales exhibit a number of traits that are significant for adaptation to land life.
They produce the compounds lignin and sporopollenin, and form plasmodesmata that connect the cytoplasm of adjacent cells.
They produce the compounds lignin and sporopollenin.
The representative alga, Chara, is a noxious weed in Florida, where it clogs waterways.
They can produce both sexually and asexually, but the life cycle is basically haplontic.
Recent extensive DNA sequence analysis of charophytes indicates that the Zygnematales are more closely related to the embryophytes than the Charales or the Coleochaetales.
The Zygnematales include the familiar genus Spirogyra, as well as the desmids.
Bryophytes are the closest extant relatives of early terrestrial plants.
The first bryophytes most likely appeared in the Ordovician period, about 450 million years ago.
Because they lack lignin and other resistant structures, the likelihood of bryophytes forming fossils is rather small.
By the Silurian period, however, vascular plants had spread through the continents.
This compelling fact is used as evidence that non-vascular plants must have preceded the Silurian period.
More than 25,000 species of bryophytes thrive in mostly damp habitats, although some live in deserts.
They constitute the major flora of inhospitable environments like the tundra, where their small size and tolerance to desiccation offer distinct advantages.
They generally lack lignin and do not have actual tracheids.
Rather, water and nutrients circulate inside specialized conducting cells.
Although the term non-tracheophyte is more accurate, bryophytes are commonly called non-vascular plants.
The male gametes formed by bryophytes swim with a flagellum, so fertilization is dependent on the presence of water.
The bryophyte embryo also remains attached to the parent plant, which protects and nourishes it.
The sporophyte that develops from the embryo is barely noticeable.
The sporangium—the multicellular sexual reproductive structure in which meiosis produces haploid spores—is present in bryophytes and absent in the majority of algae.
This is also a characteristic of land plants.
The bryophytes are divided into three phyla: the liverworts or Marchantiophyta, the hornworts or Anthocerotophyta, and the mosses or true Bryophyta.
The bryophytes are divided into three phyla: the liverworts or Marchantiophyta, the hornworts or Anthocerotophyta.
Liverworts Liverworts are currently classified as the plants most closely related to the ancestor of vascular plants that adapted to terrestrial environments.
Leafy liverworts have tiny leaflike structures attached to a stalk.
This 1904 drawing shows the variety of forms of Marchantiophyta.
A liverwort, Lunularia cruciata, displays its lobate, flat thallus.
The organism in the photograph is in the gametophyte stage, but has not yet produced gametangia.
Lunularia gametophytes produce crescent-shaped gemmae, which contain asexual spores.
The tiny white dots on the surface of the thallus are air pores.
However, these are not stomata, because they do not actively open and close by the action of guard cells.
Instead, the thallus takes up water over its entire surface and has no cuticle to prevent desiccation, which explains their preferred wet habitats.
Haploid spores germinate into flattened thalli attached to the substrate by thin, single-celled filaments.
Stalk-like structures grow from the thallus and carry male and female gametangia, which may develop on separate, individual plants, or on the same plant, depending on the species.
Stalk-like structures grow from the thallus and carry male and female gametangia, which may develop on separate, individual plants.
Flagellated male gametes develop within antheridia.
The female gametes develop within archegonia.
Once released, the male gametes swim with the aid of their flagella to an archegonium, and fertilization ensues.
Once released, the male gametes swim with the aid of their flagella to an archegonium.
The zygote grows into a small sporophyte still contained in the archegonium.
The diploid zygote will give rise, by meiosis, to the next generation of haploid spores, which can be disseminated by wind or water.
In many liverworts, spore dispersal is facilitated by elaters—long single cells that suddenly change shape as they dry out and throw adjacent spores out of the spore capsule.
Liverwort plants can also reproduce asexually, by the breaking of "branches" or the spreading of leaf fragments called gemmae.
The gemmae then land nearby and develop into gametophytes.
This image shows a liverwort in which antheridia and archegonia are produced on separate gametophytes.
The defining characteristic of the hornworts is the narrow, pipe-like sporophyte.
Hornworts have colonized a variety of habitats on land, although they are never far from a source of moisture.
The short, blue-green gametophyte is the dominant phase of the life cycle of a hornwort.
Hornworts grow a tall and slender sporophyte.
Stomata appear in the hornworts and are abundant on the sporophyte.
Photosynthetic cells in the thallus each contain a single chloroplast.
Meristem cells at the base of the plant keep dividing and adding to the height of the sporophyte.
This growth pattern is unique to the hornworts.
Many hornworts establish symbiotic relationships with cyanobacteria that fix nitrogen from the environment.
The gametophytes grow as flat thalli on the soil with embedded male and female gametangia.
The zygote develops into a long and slender sporophyte that eventually splits open down the side, releasing spores.
The mosses are the most numerous of the non-vascular plants.
Their habitats vary from the tundra, where they are the main vegetation, to the understory of tropical forests.
In the tundra, the mosses' shallow rhizoids allow them to fasten to a substrate without penetrating the frozen soil.
Mosses slow down erosion, store moisture and soil nutrients, and provide shelter for small animals as well as food for larger herbivores, such as the musk ox.
Mosses slow down erosion, store moisture and soil nutrients.
Mosses are very sensitive to air pollution and are used to monitor air quality.
They are also sensitive to copper salts, so these salts are a common ingredient of compounds marketed to eliminate mosses from lawns.
Mosses form diminutive gametophytes, which are the dominant phase of the lifecycle.
Mosses have stomata only on the sporophyte.
Water and nutrients are absorbed directly through the leaflike structures of the gametophyte.
Some mosses have small branches.
Additionally, mosses are anchored to the substrate—whether it is soil, rock, or roof tiles—by multicellular rhizoids, precursors of roots.
Additionally, mosses are anchored to the substrate—whether it is soil, rock.
They originate from the base of the gametophyte, but are not the major route for the absorption of water and minerals.
The lack of a true root system explains why it is so easy to rip moss mats from a tree trunk.
The mosses therefore occupy a threshold position between other bryophytes and the vascular plants.
The most familiar structure is the haploid gametophyte, which germinates from a haploid spore and forms first a protonema—usually, a tangle of single-celled filaments that hug the ground.
Cells akin to an apical meristem actively divide and give rise to a gametophore, consisting of a photosynthetic stem and foliage-like structures.
The antheridia produce many sperm, whereas the archegonia each form a single egg at the base of a flask-shaped structure.
The antheridia produce many sperm.
the archegonia each form a single egg at the base of a flask-shaped structure.
The archegonium produces attractant substances and at fertilization, the sperm swims down the neck to the venter and unites with the egg inside the archegonium.
This illustration shows the life cycle of mosses.
a. The mature gametophyte is haploid.
The sporophyte produces haploid spores.
The calyptra buds to form a mature gametophyte.
The zygote is housed in the venter.
The moss sporophyte is dependent on the gametophyte for nutrients.
This photograph shows the long slender stems, called setae, connected to capsules of the moss Thamnobryum alopecurum.
The operculum and remnants of the calyptra are visible in some capsules.
Spore mother cells in the sporangium undergo meiosis to produce haploid spores.
The sporophyte has several features that protect the developing spores and aid in their dispersal.
The calyptra, derived from the walls of the archegonium, covers the sporangium.
A structure called the operculum is at the tip of the spore capsule.
The peristome opens and closes, depending on moisture levels, and periodically releases spores.
The peristome opens and closes, depending on moisture levels.
The vascular plants, or tracheophytes, are the dominant and most conspicuous group of land plants.
tracheophytes, are the dominant and most conspicuous group of land plants.
More than 260,000 species of tracheophytes represent more than 90 percent of Earth's vegetation.
Several evolutionary innovations explain their success and their ability to spread to all habitats.
The lack of roots for absorbing water and minerals from the soil, as well as a lack of lignin-reinforced conducting cells, limit bryophytes to small sizes.
Vascular plants, on the other hand, can achieve enormous heights, thus competing successfully for light.
Photosynthetic organs become leaves, and pipe-like cells or vascular tissues transport water, minerals, and fixed carbon organic compounds throughout the organism.
Photosynthetic organs become leaves.
In seedless vascular plants, the diploid sporophyte is the dominant phase of the life cycle.
The gametophyte is now less conspicuous, but still independent of the sporophyte.
Seedless vascular plants still depend on water during fertilization, as the flagellated sperm must swim on a layer of moisture to reach the egg.
This step in reproduction explains why ferns and their relatives are more abundant in damp environments.
The simplest arrangement of conductive cells shows a pattern of xylem at the center surrounded by phloem.
The tissue consists of conducting cells, known as tracheids, and supportive filler tissue, called parenchyma.
The tissue consists of conducting cells, known as tracheids.
Xylem conductive cells incorporate the compound lignin into their walls, and are thus described as lignified.
Xylem conductive cells incorporate the compound lignin into their walls.
Lignin itself is a complex polymer: It is impermeable to water and confers mechanical strength on vascular tissue.
With their rigid cell walls, the xylem cells provide support to the plant and allow it to achieve impressive heights.
Tall plants have a selective advantage by being able to reach unfiltered sunlight and disperse their spores or seeds away from the parent plant, thus expanding the species' range.
By growing higher than other plants, tall trees cast their shadows on shorter plants and thereby outcompete them for water and precious nutrients in the soil.
Phloem is the second type of vascular tissue; it transports sugars, proteins, and other solutes throughout the plant.
Phloem is the second type of vascular tissue.
it transports sugars, proteins, and other solutes throughout the plant.
Phloem is the second type of vascular tissue; it transports sugars, proteins.
Phloem cells are divided into sieve elements and cells that support the sieve elements.
This cross section of a celery stalk shows a number of vascular bundles.
The xylem is on the inner part of each bundle.
Roots: Support for the Plant Roots are not well-preserved in the fossil record.
Nevertheless, it seems that roots appeared later in evolution than vascular tissue.
The development of an extensive network of roots represented a significant new feature of vascular plants.
The extensive network of roots that penetrates deep into the soil to reach sources of water also stabilizes plants by acting as a ballast or anchor.
Leaves, Sporophylls, and Strobili A third innovation marks the seedless vascular plants.
Strobili A third innovation marks the seedless vascular plants.
Accompanying the prominence of the sporophyte and the development of vascular tissue, the appearance of true leaves improved their photosynthetic efficiency.
The carbohydrates are exported to the rest of the plant by the conductive cells of phloem tissue.
The existence of two types of leaf morphology—microphylls and megaphylls—suggests that leaves evolved independently in several groups of plants.
Microphylls are small and have a simple vascular system.
The first microphylls in the fossil record can be dated to 350 million years ago in the Carboniferous era.
A single unbranched vein—a bundle of vascular tissue made of xylem and phloem—runs through the center of the leaf.
Microphylls may have originated from the flattening of lateral branches, or from sporangia that lost their reproductive capabilities.
Microphylls may have originated from the flattening of lateral branches.
Microphylls are seen in club mosses.
Microphylls probably preceded the development of megaphylls, which are larger leaves with a pattern of multiple veins.
Megaphylls most likely appeared independently several times during the course of evolution.
Their complex networks of veins suggest that several branches may have combined into a flattened organ, with the gaps between the branches being filled with photosynthetic tissue.
Megaphylls are seen in ferns and more derived vascular plants.
In addition to photosynthesis, leaves play another role in the life of the plants.
Pine cones, mature fronds of ferns, and flowers are all sporophylls—leaves that were modified structurally to bear sporangia.
flowers are all sporophylls—leaves that were modified structurally to bear sporangia.
In conifers, the commonly named pine cones, strobili are cone-like structures that contain sporangia.
Ferns and Other Seedless Vascular Plants By the late Devonian period, plants had evolved vascular tissue, well-defined leaves, and root systems.
Ferns and Other Seedless Vascular Plants By the late Devonian period, plants had evolved vascular tissue, well-defined leaves.
With these advantages, plants increased in height and size.
During the Carboniferous period, swamp forests of club mosses and horsetails—some specimens reaching heights of more than 30 m—covered most of the land.
These forests gave rise to the extensive coal deposits that gave the Carboniferous its name.
Water is still required as a medium of sperm transport during the fertilization of seedless vascular plants, and most favor a moist environment.
Water is still required as a medium of sperm transport during the fertilization of seedless vascular plants.
Modern-day seedless tracheophytes include club mosses, horsetails, ferns, and whisk ferns.
Modern-day seedless tracheophytes include club mosses, horsetails, ferns.
Phylum Lycophyta: Club Mosses The club mosses, or phylum Lycophyta, are the earliest group of seedless vascular plants.
phylum Lycophyta, are the earliest group of seedless vascular plants.
They dominated the landscape of the Carboniferous, growing into tall trees and forming large swamp forests.
The phylum Lycophyta consists of close to 1,200 species, including the quillworts, the club mosses, and spike mosses, none of which are true mosses or bryophytes.
The phylum Lycophyta consists of close to 1,200 species, including the quillworts, the club mosses.
Lycophytes follow the pattern of alternation of generations seen in the bryophytes, except that the sporophyte is the major stage of the life cycle.
Some lycophytes, like the club moss Lycopodium, produce gametophytes that are independent of the sporophyte, developing underground or in other locations where they can form mycorrhizal associations with fungi.
Lycophytes can be homosporous or heterosporous.
The spike moss Selaginella is a heterosporous lycophyte.
The same strobilus will contain microsporangia, which produce spores that will develop into the male gametophyte, and megasporangia, which produce spores that will develop into the female gametophyte.
The same strobilus will contain microsporangia, which produce spores that will develop into the male gametophyte.
Both gametophytes develop within the protective strobilus.
The generic name means "wolf-foot" from the resemblance of the branched sporophyte to a paw.
The specific epithet clavatum refers to the club-shaped strobilus, and reflects the common name of the phylum.
The specific epithet clavatum refers to the club-shaped strobilus.
ferns belong to the phylum Monilophyta, with horsetails placed in the class Equisetopsida.
The single genus Equisetum is the survivor of a large group of plants, known as Arthrophyta, which produced large trees and entire swamp forests in the Carboniferous.
Horsetails, named for the brushy appearance of the sporophyte, thrive in a marsh.
The stem of a horsetail is characterized by the presence of joints or nodes, hence the name Arthrophyta.
Leaves and branches come out as whorls from the evenly spaced joints.
Thin leaves originating at the joints are noticeable on the horsetail plant.
Silica collected by in the epidermal cells contributes to the stiffness of horsetail plants, but underground stems known as rhizomes anchor the plants to the ground.
Modern-day horsetails are homosporous.
The spores then germinate to produce small bisexual gametophytes.
Photosynthesis takes place in their green stems, which branch dichotomously.
Spores develop into gametophytes that are only a few millimeters across, but which produce both male and female gametangia.
However, recent comparative DNA analysis suggests that this group may have lost both vascular tissue and roots through evolution, and is more closely related to ferns.
However, recent comparative DNA analysis suggests that this group may have lost both vascular tissue and roots through evolution.
The whisk fern Psilotum nudum has conspicuous green stems with knob-shaped sporangia.
Phylum Monilophyta: Class Polypodiopsida With their large fronds, the true ferns are perhaps the most readily recognizable seedless vascular plants.
More than 20,000 species of ferns live in environments ranging from the tropics to temperate forests.
Although some species survive in dry environments, most ferns are restricted to moist, shaded places.
Ferns made their appearance in the fossil record during the Devonian period and expanded during the Carboniferous.
The dominant stage of the life cycle of a fern is the sporophyte, which consists of large compound leaves called fronds.
Fronds may be either finely divided or broadly lobed.
Fronds fulfill a double role; they are photosynthetic organs that also carry reproductive organs.
Fronds fulfill a double role.
they are photosynthetic organs that also carry reproductive organs.
Adventitious organs are those that grow in unusual places, such as roots growing from the side of a stem.
Some specimens of this short tree-fern species can grow very tall.
Croziers, or fiddleheads, are the tips of fern fronds.
Most ferns are homosporous.
Spores are produced by meiosis and are released into the air from the sporangium.
Gametophytes produce both antheridia and archegonia.
Like the sperm cells of other pterophytes, fern sperm have multiple flagella and must swim to the archegonium, which releases a chemoattractant to guide them.
The zygote develops into a fern sporophyte, which emerges from the archegonium of the gametophyte.
Maturation of antheridia and archegonia at different times encourages cross- fertilization.
a. Sporangia produce haploid spores.
The sporophyte is diploid and the gametophyte is haploid.
LINK TO LEARNING To see an animation of the life cycle of a fern and to test your knowledge, go to the website.
They were also familiar with the biology of the plants they chose.
Landscape design also has strong roots in the United States' tradition.
A prime example of early American classical design is Monticello, Thomas Jefferson's private estate.
Among his many interests, Jefferson maintained a strong passion for botany.
A landscape designer will plan traditional public spaces—such as botanical gardens, parks, college campuses, gardens, and larger developments—as well as natural areas and private gardens.
A landscape designer will plan traditional public spaces—such as botanical gardens, parks, college campuses, gardens.
The restoration of natural places encroached on by human intervention, such as wetlands, also requires the expertise of a landscape designer.
With such an array of necessary skills, a landscape designer's education should include a solid background in botany, soil science, plant pathology, entomology, and horticulture.
With such an array of necessary skills, a landscape designer's education should include a solid background in botany, soil science, plant pathology, entomology.
Coursework in architecture and design software is also required for the completion of the degree.
Mosses and ferns will thrive in a shaded area, where fountains provide moisture.
The future growth of individual plants must be taken into account, to avoid crowding and competition for light and nutrients.
The appearance of the space over time is also of concern.
Shapes, colors, and biology must be balanced for a well-maintained and sustainable green space.
biology must be balanced for a well-maintained and sustainable green space.
This landscaped border at a college campus was designed by students in the horticulture and landscaping department of the college.
Their spores are carried by the wind, birds, or insects.
Their spores are carried by the wind, birds.
Once mosses and liverworts are established, they provide food and shelter for other plant species.
Mosses are at the base of the food chain in the tundra biome.
Many species—from small herbivorous insects to musk oxen and reindeer—depend on mosses for food.
In turn, predators feed on the herbivores, which are the primary consumers.
Some reports indicate that bryophytes make the soil more amenable to colonization by other plants.
relationships with nitrogen-fixing cyanobacteria, mosses replenish the soil with nitrogen.
By the end of the nineteenth century, scientists had observed that lichens and mosses were becoming increasingly rare in urban and suburban areas.
Therefore, pollutants dissolved in rainwater penetrate plant tissues readily and have a larger impact on mosses than on other plants.
Ferns contribute to the environment by promoting the weathering of rock, accelerating the formation of topsoil, and slowing down erosion as rhizomes spread throughout the soil.
Ferns contribute to the environment by promoting the weathering of rock, accelerating the formation of topsoil.
The water ferns of the genus Azolla harbor nitrogen- fixing cyanobacteria and restore this important nutrient to aquatic habitats.
Seedless plants have historically played a role in human life with uses as tools, fuel, and medicine.
Seedless plants have historically played a role in human life with uses as tools, fuel.
For example, dried peat moss, Sphagnum, is commonly used as fuel in some parts of Europe and is considered a renewable resource.
In addition, the ability of Sphagnum to hold moisture makes the moss a common soil conditioner.
Sphagnum acutifolium is dried peat moss and can be used as fuel.
The attractive fronds of ferns make them a favorite ornamental plant.
Because they thrive in low light, they are well suited as house plants.
More importantly, fiddleheads of bracken fern are a traditional spring food of Native Americans, and are popular as a side dish in French cuisine.
More importantly, fiddleheads of bracken fern are a traditional spring food of Native Americans.
The licorice fern, Polypodium glycyrrhiza, is part of the diet of the Pacific Northwest coastal tribes, owing in part to the sweetness of its rhizomes.
It has a faint licorice taste and serves as a sweetener.
The rhizome also figures in the pharmacopeia of Native Americans for its medicinal properties and is used as a remedy for sore throat.
The tall club mosses, horsetails, and tree-like ferns that flourished in the swampy forests of the Carboniferous period gave rise to large deposits of coal throughout the world.
tree-like ferns that flourished in the swampy forests of the Carboniferous period gave rise to large deposits of coal throughout the world.
Coal is still a prime source of energy and also a major contributor to global warming.
Chapter Summary 25.1 Early Plant Life tough outer layer that protects the spores contributed to the adaptation of plants to dry land.
Land plants Land plants acquired traits that made it possible to appeared about 500 million years ago in the Ordovician colonize land and survive out of the water.
Some and precursors of lignin, phragmoplasts, and have sporophylls are arranged in cone structures called flagellated sperm.
They do not exhibit alternation of strobili.
The support and conductive properties of vascular 25.3 Bryophytes tissues have allowed the sporophyte generation of vascular plants to become increasingly dominant.
The Seedless non-vascular plants are small, having the seedless vascular plants include club mosses, which gametophyte as the dominant stage of the lifecycle.
Ferns are the most advanced group of seedless Collectively known as bryophytes, the three main vascular plants.
They are distinguished by large leaves groups include the liverworts, the hornworts, and the called fronds and small sporangia-containing mosses.
They are distinguished by large leaves groups include the liverworts, the hornworts.
Liverworts are the most primitive plants and structures called sori, which are found on the are closely related to the first land plants.
Mosses have simple conductive cells and are Both mosses and ferns play an essential role in the attached to the substrate by rhizoids.
They colonize balance of the ecosystems.
Mosses are pioneering harsh habitats and can regain moisture after drying species that colonize bare or devastated environments out.
The moss sporangium is a complex structure that and make it possible for succession to occur.
They allows release of spores away from the parent plant.
Mosses are important biological The seedless vascular plants show several features indicators of environmental pollution.
Ferns are important to living on land: vascular tissue, roots, and important for providing natural habitats, as soil leaves.
Ferns are important to living on land: vascular tissue, roots.
Vascular systems consist of xylem tissue, which stabilizers, and as decorative plants.
Vascular systems consist of xylem tissue, which stabilizers.
Both mosses and transports water and minerals, and phloem tissue, ferns are part of traditional medical practice.
phloem tissue, ferns are part of traditional medical practice.
a. Lycophytes and monilophytes are seedless d.
Seed plants include angiosperms and b.
The sporophyte is diploid and the 2.
Which of the following statements gametophyte is haploid.
The mature gametophyte is haploid.
d. angiosperms 11.
Which of the following features does not support 5.
a. only haploid multicellular organisms a. Charophyte chloroplasts contain b.
organisms c. Charophytes do not exhibit growth throughout the entire plant body.
d. root a. Zygotes are produced by random fusion.
b. Gametes are created through meiosis.
c. Diploid spores undergo independent a. Charales assortment during mitosis.
The zygote undergoes meiosis to generate c. hornworts a haploid sporophyte.
Which one of these characteristics is present in 15.
a. They grow better at cold temperatures.
They do not require moisture.
They do not have true roots and can grow c. phragmoplasts on hard surfaces.
A scientist sequences the genome of Chara, red 16.
What result would experienced a long, severe drought.
The Chara genome is more similar to the stage.
Which life-cycle stage should be the most red algae than the tomato plant.
All three genomes are distinctly different.
The Chara genome is more similar to the b. gametophyte tomato plant genome than the red algae c. sporophyte genome.
d. ferns a. club moss b. horsetail 18.
It is probably a ________.
c. fern a. Mosses fix nitrogen from the air.
Mosses harbor cyanobacteria that fix nitrogen.
The following structures are found on the c. Mosses die and return nitrogen to the soil.
Mosses decompose rocks and release a. sori nitrogen.
The dominant organism in fern is the ________.
What is the difference between extant and 32.
Ferns are simultaneously involved in promoting 29.
In areas where it rains often, mosses grow on rock weathering, while preventing soil erosion.
In areas where it rains often, mosses grow on rock weathering.
how these functions are 30.