# Biology2e Chapter 26 — Seed Plants
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 543

Seed plants dominate the landscape and play an enormous and integral role in the success of all human societies.
These palms are seed plants, which have broken free from the need to rely on water for their reproductive needs.
The seed plants play an integral role in all aspects of life on the planet, shaping the physical terrain, influencing the climate, and maintaining life as we know it.
The seed plants play an integral role in all aspects of life on the planet, shaping the physical terrain, influencing the climate.
For millennia, human societies have depended on seed plants for nutrition and medicinal compounds.
Somewhat more recently, seed plants have served as a source of manufactured products such as timber and paper, dyes, and textiles.
Somewhat more recently, seed plants have served as a source of manufactured products such as timber and paper, dyes.
As an example, multiple uses have been found for each of the plants shown above.
Palms provide materials including rattans, oils, and dates.
Palms provide materials including rattans, oils.
Grains like wheat are grown to feed both human and animal populations or fermented to produce alcoholic beverages.
The fruit of the cotton flower is harvested as a boll, with its fibers transformed into clothing or pulp for paper.
The showy opium poppy is valued both as an ornamental flower and as a source of potent opiate compounds.
They were followed by liverworts and primitive vascular plants—the pterophytes—from which modern ferns are descended.
The life cycle of bryophytes and pterophytes is characterized by the alternation of generations, which is also exhibited in the gymnosperms and angiosperms.
The completion of the bryophyte and pterophyte life cycle requires water because the male gametophyte releases flagellated sperm, which must swim to reach and fertilize the female gamete or egg.
In the sporangia, mother cells undergo meiosis and produce the haploid spores.
Release of spores in a suitable environment will lead to germination and a new generation of gametophytes.
Megaspores develop into female gametophytes that produce eggs, and microspores mature into male gametophytes that generate sperm.
Megaspores develop into female gametophytes that produce eggs.
microspores mature into male gametophytes that generate sperm.
Because gametophyte maturation depends on water and nutrient supply from the dominant sporophyte tissue, they are not free-living, as are the gametophytes of seedless vascular plants.
Ancestral heterosporous seedless plants, represented by modern-day plants such as the spike moss Selaginella, are seen as the evolutionary forerunners of seed plants.
In the life cycle of Selaginella, both male and female sporangia develop within the same stem-like strobilus.
In each male sporangium, multiple microspores are produced by meiosis.
As it develops it is released from the strobilus, and a number of flagellated sperm are produced that then leave the spore case.
As it develops it is released from the strobilus.
a number of flagellated sperm are produced that then leave the spore case.
In the female sporangium, a single megaspore mother cell undergoes meiosis to produce four megaspores.
Gametophytes develop within each megaspore, consisting of a mass of tissue that will later nourish the embryo and a few archegonia.
The female gametophyte may remain within remnants of the spore wall in the megasporangium until after fertilization has occurred and the embryo begins to develop.
These innovative structures allowed seed plants to reduce or eliminate their dependence on water for gamete fertilization and development of the embryo, and to conquer dry land.
These innovative structures allowed seed plants to reduce or eliminate their dependence on water for gamete fertilization and development of the embryo.
Pollen grains are male gametophytes, which contain the sperm of the plant.
The small haploid cells are encased in a protective coat that prevents desiccation and mechanical damage.
Pollen grains can travel far from their original sporophyte, spreading the plant's genes.
Seeds offer the embryo protection, nourishment, and a mechanism to maintain dormancy for tens or even thousands of years, ensuring that germination can occur when growth conditions are optimal.
Seeds offer the embryo protection, nourishment.
Seeds therefore allow plants to disperse the next generation through both space and time.
With such evolutionary advantages, seed plants have become the most successful and familiar group of plants.
Both adaptations expanded the colonization of land begun by the bryophytes and their ancestors.
Fossils place the earliest distinct seed plants at about 350 million years ago.
Gymnosperms were preceded by progymnosperms, the first naked seed plants, which arose about 380–390 million years ago.
At least some species were heterosporous.
Progymnosperms, like the extinct Archaeopteris, dominated the forests of the late Devonian period.
However, by the early and middle Mesozoic era, the landscape was dominated by the true gymnosperms.
Various plant species evolved in different eras.
Seed plants resembling modern tree ferns became more numerous and diverse in the coal swamps of the Carboniferous period.
This fossilized leaf is from Glossopteris, a seed fern that thrived during the Permian age.
Fossil records indicate the first gymnosperms most likely originated in the Paleozoic era, during the middle Devonian period: about 390 million years ago.
The following Carboniferous period was wet and dominated by giant fern trees.
But the following Permian period was dry, which gave a reproductive edge to seed plants, which are better adapted to survive dry spells.
The Ginkgoales, a group of gymnosperms with only one surviving species—the Ginkgo biloba—were the first gymnosperms to appear during the early Permian.
Gymnosperms expanded in the Mesozoic era, supplanting ferns in the landscape, and reaching their greatest diversity during this time.
Gymnosperms expanded in the Mesozoic era, supplanting ferns in the landscape.
The Jurassic period was as much the age of the cycads as the age of the dinosaurs.
Ginkgoales and the more familiar conifers also dotted the landscape.
This boreal forest has low-lying plants and conifer trees.
Seeds and Pollen as an Evolutionary Adaptation to Dry Land Bryophyte and fern spores are haploid cells dependent on moisture for rapid development of multicellular gametophytes.
After fertilization of the egg, the diploid zygote produces an embryo that will grow into the sporophyte when the seed germinates.
Storage tissue to sustain growth of the embryo and a protective coat give seeds their superior evolutionary advantage.
Several layers of hardened tissue prevent desiccation, and free the embryo from the need for a constant supply of water.
Several layers of hardened tissue prevent desiccation.
Furthermore, seeds remain in a state of dormancy—induced by desiccation and the hormone abscisic acid—until conditions for growth become favorable.
Whether blown by the wind, floating on water, or carried away by animals, seeds are scattered in an expanding geographic range, thus avoiding competition with the parent plant.
carried away by animals, seeds are scattered in an expanding geographic range, thus avoiding competition with the parent plant.
The whole structure is protected from desiccation and can reach the female organs without depending on water.
After reaching a female gametophyte, the pollen grain grows a tube that will deliver a male nucleus to the egg cell.
This fossilized pollen is from a Buckbean fen core found in Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming.
Angiosperms produce a flower containing male and/or female reproductive structures.
Earlier traces of angiosperms are scarce.
Fossilized pollen recovered from Jurassic geological material has been attributed to angiosperms.
A few early Cretaceous rocks show clear imprints of leaves resembling angiosperm leaves.
By the mid-Cretaceous, a staggering number of diverse flowering plants crowd the fossil record.
The same geological period is also marked by the appearance of many modern groups of insects, suggesting that pollinating insects played a key role in the evolution of flowering plants.
New data in comparative genomics and paleobotany have shed some light on the evolution of angiosperms.
Although the angiosperms appeared after the gymnosperms, they are probably not derived from gymnosperm ancestors.
Instead, the angiosperms form a sister clade that developed in parallel with the gymnosperms.
The two innovative structures of flowers and fruit represent an improved reproductive strategy that served to protect the embryo, while increasing genetic variability and range.
The two innovative structures of flowers and fruit represent an improved reproductive strategy that served to protect the embryo.
Paleobotanists debate whether angiosperms evolved from small woody bushes, or were related to the ancestors of tropical grasses.
Paleobotanists debate whether angiosperms evolved from small woody bushes.
Both views draw support from cladistics, and the so-called woody magnoliid hypothesis—which proposes that the early ancestors of angiosperms were shrubs like modern magnolia—also offers molecular biological evidence.
Both views draw support from cladistics.
the so-called woody magnoliid hypothesis—which proposes that the early ancestors of angiosperms were shrubs like modern magnolia—also offers molecular biological evidence.
The most primitive living angiosperm is considered to be Amborella trichopoda, a small plant native to the rainforest of New Caledonia, an island in the South Pacific.
Analysis of the genome of A. trichopoda has shown that it is related to all existing flowering plants and belongs to the oldest confirmed branch of the angiosperm family tree.
The nuclear genome shows evidence of an ancient whole-genome duplication.
The mitochondrial genome is large and multichromosomal, containing elements from the mitochondrial genomes of several other species, including algae and a moss.
A few other angiosperm groups, called basal angiosperms, are viewed as having ancestral traits because they branched off early from the phylogenetic tree.
Most modern angiosperms are classified as either monocots or eudicots, based on the structure of their leaves and embryos.
This leaf imprint shows a Ficus speciosissima, an angiosperm that flourished during the Cretaceous period.
Flowers and Fruits as an Evolutionary Adaptation Angiosperms produce their gametes in separate organs, which are usually housed in a flower.
Both fertilization and embryo development take place inside an anatomical structure that provides a stable system of sexual reproduction largely sheltered from environmental fluctuations.
With about 300,000 species, flowering plants are the most diverse phylum on Earth after insects, which number about 1,200,000 species.
Flowers come in a bewildering array of sizes, shapes, colors, smells, and arrangements.
Flowers come in a bewildering array of sizes, shapes, colors, smells.
Most flowers have a mutualistic pollinator, with the distinctive features of flowers reflecting the nature of the pollination agent.
The relationship between pollinator and flower characteristics is one of the great examples of coevolution.
Following fertilization of the egg, the ovule grows into a seed.
Not all fruits develop completely from an ovary; such "false fruits" or pseudocarps, develop from tissues adjacent to the ovary.
Not all fruits develop completely from an ovary.
such "false fruits" or pseudocarps, develop from tissues adjacent to the ovary.
Like flowers, fruit can vary tremendously in appearance, size, smell, and taste.
Like flowers, fruit can vary tremendously in appearance, size, smell.
Tomatoes, green peppers, corn, and avocados are all examples of fruits.
avocados are all examples of fruits.
Along with pollen and seeds, fruits also act as agents of dispersal.
Some may be carried away by the wind.
Cockleburs are covered with stiff, hooked spines that can hook into fur and hitch a ride on an animal for long distances.
The cockleburs that clung to the velvet trousers of an enterprising Swiss hiker, George de Mestral, inspired his invention of the loop and hook fastener he named Velcro.
Building Phylogenetic Trees with Analysis of DNA Sequence Alignments All living organisms display patterns of relationships derived from their evolutionary history.
Phylogeny is the science that describes the relative connections between organisms, in terms of ancestral and descendant species.
Species are found at the tips of the branches.
This phylogenetic tree shows the evolutionary relationships of plants.
Traditional methods involve comparison of homologous anatomical structures and embryonic development, assuming that closely related organisms share anatomical features that emerge during embryo development.
Some traits that disappear in the adult are present in the embryo; for example, an early human embryo has a postanal tail, as do all members of the Phylum Chordata.
Some traits that disappear in the adult are present in the embryo.
for example, an early human embryo has a postanal tail, as do all members of the Phylum Chordata.
The study of fossil records shows the intermediate stages that link an ancestral form to its descendants.
As the tools of molecular biology and computational analysis have been developed and perfected in recent years, a new generation of tree-building methods has taken shape.
The genes encoding the 18S ribosomal RNA from the small subunit and plastid genes are frequently chosen for DNA alignment analysis.
Once the sequences of interest are obtained, they are compared with existing sequences in databases such as GenBank, which is maintained by The National Center for Biotechnology Information.
tools are available to align and analyze sequences.
Sophisticated computer analysis programs determine the percentage of sequence identity or homology.
Sequence homology can be used to estimate the evolutionary distance between two DNA sequences and reflect the time elapsed since the genes separated from a common ancestor.
Molecular analysis has revolutionized phylogenetic trees.
In some cases, prior results from morphological studies have been confirmed: for example, confirming Amborella trichopoda as the most primitive angiosperm known.
However, some groups and relationships have been rearranged as a result of DNA analysis.
Gymnosperms, meaning "naked seeds," are a diverse group of seed plants.
According to the "anthophyte" hypothesis, the angiosperms are a sister group of one group of gymnosperms, which makes the gymnosperms a paraphyletic group.
Paraphyletic groups are those in which not all descendants of a single common ancestor are included in the group.
However , the "netifer" hypothesis suggests that the gnetophytes are sister to the conifers, making the gymnosperms monophyletic and sister to the angiosperms.
Further molecular and anatomical studies may clarify these relationships.
Gymnosperm seeds are not enclosed in an ovary; rather, they are only partially sheltered by modified leaves called sporophylls.
Gymnosperm seeds are not enclosed in an ovary.
rather, they are only partially sheltered by modified leaves called sporophylls.
You may recall the term strobilus describes a tight arrangement of sporophylls around a central stalk, as seen in pine cones.
Some seeds are enveloped by sporophyte tissues upon maturation.
The layer of sporophyte tissue that surrounds the megasporangium, and later, the embryo, is called the integument.
later, the embryo, is called the integument.
Gymnosperms were the dominant phylum in the Mesozoic era.
They are adapted to live where fresh water is scarce during part of the year, or in the nitrogen-poor soil of a bog.
They are adapted to live where fresh water is scarce during part of the year.
Therefore, they are still the prominent phylum in the coniferous biome or taiga, where the evergreen conifers have a selective advantage in cold and dry weather.
Evergreen conifers continue low levels of photosynthesis during the cold months, and are ready to take advantage of the first sunny days of spring.
Evergreen conifers continue low levels of photosynthesis during the cold months.
One disadvantage is that conifers are more susceptible than deciduous trees to leaf infestations because most conifers do not lose their leaves all at once.
They cannot, therefore, shed parasites and restart with a fresh supply of leaves in spring.
The life cycle of a gymnosperm involves alternation of generations, with a dominant sporophyte in which reduced male and female gametophytes reside.
All gymnosperms are heterosporous.
The male and female reproductive organs can form in cones or strobili.
The life cycle of a conifer will serve as our example of reproduction in gymnosperms.
Life Cycle of a Conifer Pine trees are conifers and carry both male and female sporophylls on the same mature sporophyte.
Therefore, they are monoecious plants.
Like all gymnosperms, pines are heterosporous and generate two different types of spores.
Male and female spores develop in different strobili, with small male cones and larger female cones.
In the male cones, or staminate cones, the microsporocytes undergo meiosis and the resultant haploid microspores give rise to male gametophytes or "pollen grains" by mitosis.
staminate cones, the microsporocytes undergo meiosis and the resultant haploid microspores give rise to male gametophytes or "pollen grains" by mitosis.
Each pollen grain consists of just a few haploid cells enclosed in a tough wall reinforced with sporopollenin.
In the spring, large amounts of yellow pollen are released and carried by the wind.
Some gametophytes will land on a female cone.
Pollination is defined as the initiation of pollen tube growth.
Female cones, or ovulate cones, contain two ovules per scale.
ovulate cones, contain two ovules per scale.
Each ovule has a narrow passage that opens near the base of the sporophyll.
This passage is the micropyle, through which a pollen tube will later grow.
One megaspore mother cell, or megasporocyte, undergoes meiosis in each ovule.
megasporocyte, undergoes meiosis in each ovule.
Upon fertilization, the diploid egg will give rise to the embryo, which is enclosed in a seed coat of tissue from the parent plant.
Fertilization and seed development is a long process in pine trees: it may take up to two years after pollination.
The seed that is formed contains three generations of tissues: the seed coat that originates from the sporophyte tissue, the gametophyte tissue that will provide nutrients, and the embryo itself.
The seed that is formed contains three generations of tissues: the seed coat that originates from the sporophyte tissue, the gametophyte tissue that will provide nutrients.
The sporophyte phase is the longest phase in the life of a gymnosperm.
The gametophytes—produced by microspores and megaspores—are reduced in size.
It may take more than a year between pollination and fertilization while the pollen tube grows towards the growing female gametophyte, which develops from a single megaspore.
The slow growth of the pollen tube allows the female gametophyte time to produce eggs.
This image shows the life cycle of a conifer.
Pollen from male cones blows up into upper branches, where it fertilizes female cones.
Diversity of Gymnosperms Modern gymnosperms are classified into four phyla.
However, the three phyla are not closely related phylogenetically to each other.
Typical conifers are tall trees that bear scale-like or needle-like leaves.
Water evaporation from leaves is reduced by their narrow shape and a thick cuticle.
Snow easily slides off needle-shaped leaves, keeping the snow load light, thus reducing broken branches.
Such adaptations to cold and dry weather explain the predominance of conifers at high altitudes and in cold climates.
Conifers include familiar evergreen trees such as pines, spruces, firs, cedars, sequoias, and yews.
Conifers include familiar evergreen trees such as pines, spruces, firs, cedars, sequoias.
A few species are deciduous and lose their leaves in fall.
Many coniferous trees are harvested for paper pulp and timber.
Conifers are the dominant form of vegetation in cold or arid environments and at high altitudes.
Cycads Cycads thrive in mild climates, and are often mistaken for palms because of the shape of their large, compound leaves.
Cycads Cycads thrive in mild climates.
Large cycads dominated the landscape during the age of dinosaurs in the Mesozoic, but only a hundred or so smaller species persisted to modern times.
They face possible extinction, and several species are protected through international conventions.
They face possible extinction.
several species are protected through international conventions.
Because of their attractive shape, they are often used as ornamental plants in gardens in the tropics and subtropics.
This cycad, Encephalartos ferox, has large cones and broad, fern-like leaves.
Its fan-shaped leaves—unique among seed plants because they feature a dichotomous venation pattern—turn yellow in autumn and fall from the tree.
For centuries, G. biloba was cultivated by Chinese Buddhist monks in monasteries, which ensured its preservation.
It is planted in public spaces because it is unusually resistant to pollution.
Male and female organs are produced on separate plants.
Typically, gardeners plant only male trees because the seeds produced by the female plant have an off-putting smell of rancid butter.
This plate from the 1870 book Flora Japonica, Sectio Prima depicts the leaves and fruit of Ginkgo biloba, as drawn by Philipp Franz von Siebold and Joseph Gerhard Zuccarini.
Their possession of vessel elements suggests they are the closest relative to modern angiosperms.
However, molecular analysis places them closer to the conifers.
Like angiosperms, they have broad leaves.
Ephedra's small, scale-like leaves are the source of the compound ephedrine, which is used in medicine as a potent decongestant.
Because ephedrine is similar to amphetamines, both in chemical structure and neurological effects, its use is restricted to prescription drugs.
It produces only two leaves, which grow continuously throughout the life of the plant.
Like the ginkgos, Welwitschia produces male and female gametes on separate plants.
Gnetum gnemon grows in Malaysia.
The large Welwitschia mirabilis can be found in the Namibian desert.
With more than 300,000 species, the angiosperm phylum is second only to insects in terms of diversification.
These flowers grow in a botanical garden border in Bellevue, WA.
Flowering plants dominate terrestrial landscapes.
The vivid colors of flowers and enticing fragrance of flowers are adaptations to pollination by animals like insects, birds, and bats.
The vivid colors of flowers and enticing fragrance of flowers are adaptations to pollination by animals like insects, birds.
The success of angiosperms is due to two novel reproductive structures: flowers and fruits.
The function of the flower is to ensure pollination, often by arthropods, as well as to protect a developing embryo.
The colors and patterns on flowers offer specific signals to many pollinating insects or birds and bats that have coevolved with them.
For example, some patterns are visible only in the ultraviolet range of light, which can be seen by arthropod pollinators.
For some pollinators, flowers advertise themselves as a reliable source of nectar.
Flower scent also helps to select its pollinators.
Sweet scents tend to attract bees and butterflies and moths, but some flies and beetles might prefer scents that signal fermentation or putrefaction.
Flowers also provide protection for the ovule and developing embryo inside a receptacle.
The function of the fruit is seed protection and dispersal.
Different fruit structures or tissues on fruit—such as sweet flesh, wings, parachutes, or spines that grab—reflect the dispersal strategies that help spread seeds.
Flowers Flowers are modified leaves, or sporophylls, organized around a central receptacle.
Flowers Flowers are modified leaves.
Although they vary greatly in appearance, virtually all flowers contain the same structures: sepals, petals, carpels, and stamens.
Although they vary greatly in appearance, virtually all flowers contain the same structures: sepals, petals, carpels.
The peduncle typically attaches the flower to the plant proper.
A whorl of sepals is located at the base of the peduncle and encloses the unopened floral bud.
Sepals are usually photosynthetic organs, although there are some exceptions.
For example, the corolla in lilies and tulips consists of three sepals and three petals that look virtually identical.
Sepals and petals together form the perianth.
The sexual organs, the female gynoecium and male androecium are located at the center of the flower.
The female reproductive unit consists of one or more carpels, each of which has a stigma, style, and ovary.
The female reproductive unit consists of one or more carpels, each of which has a stigma, style.
The stigma is the location where the pollen is deposited either by wind or a pollinating arthropod.
The sticky surface of the stigma traps pollen grains, and the style is a connecting structure through which the pollen tube will grow to reach the ovary.
the style is a connecting structure through which the pollen tube will grow to reach the ovary.
Flower structure is very diverse, and carpels may be singular, multiple, or fused.
Flower structure is very diverse.
carpels may be singular, multiple, or fused.
Flower structure is very diverse, and carpels may be singular, multiple.
The androecium, or male reproductive region is composed of multiple stamens surrounding the central carpel.
male reproductive region is composed of multiple stamens surrounding the central carpel.
Stamens are composed of a thin stalk called a filament and a sac-like structure called the anther.
The filament supports the anther, where the microspores are produced by meiosis and develop into haploid pollen grains, or male gametophytes.
The filament supports the anther, where the microspores are produced by meiosis and develop into haploid pollen grains.
This image depicts the structure of a perfect flower.
Perfect flowers produce both male and female floral organs.
The flower shown has only one carpel, but some flowers have a cluster of carpels.
Together, all the carpels make up the gynoecium.
Like gymnosperms, angiosperms are heterosporous.
Therefore, they produce microspores, which will generate pollen grains as the male gametophytes, and megaspores, which will form an ovule that contains female gametophytes.
Therefore, they produce microspores, which will generate pollen grains as the male gametophytes.
Inside the anther's microsporangia, male sporocytes divide by meiosis to generate haploid microspores, which, in turn, undergo mitosis and give rise to pollen grains.
Each pollen grain contains two cells: one generative cell that will divide into two sperm and a second cell that will become the pollen tube cell.
Anthers and carpels are structures that shelter the actual gametophytes: the pollen grain and embryo sac.
Double fertilization is a process unique to angiosperms.
The ovule, sheltered within the ovary of the carpel, contains the megasporangium protected by two layers of integuments and the ovary wall.
Only the large megaspore survives; it divides mitotically three times to produce eight nuclei distributed among the seven cells of the female gametophyte or embryo sac.
it divides mitotically three times to produce eight nuclei distributed among the seven cells of the female gametophyte or embryo sac.
The three cells at one pole become the egg and two synergids.
The three cells at the opposite pole become antipodal cells.
The center cell contains the remaining two nuclei.
This cell will eventually produce the endosperm of the seed.
The mature embryo sac then contains one egg cell, two synergids or "helper" cells, three antipodal cells, and a central cell with two polar nuclei.
The mature embryo sac then contains one egg cell, two synergids or "helper" cells, three antipodal cells.
The two sperm are deposited in the embryo sac.
A double fertilization event then occurs.
The zygote develops into an embryo with a radicle, or small root, and one or two leaf-like organs called cotyledons.
The zygote develops into an embryo with a radicle, or small root.
one or two leaf-like organs called cotyledons.
The zygote develops into an embryo with a radicle.
small root, and one or two leaf-like organs called cotyledons.
This difference in the number of embryonic leaves is the basis for the two major groups of angiosperms: the monocots and the eudicots.
The cotyledons serve as conduits to transmit the broken-down food reserves from their storage site inside the seed to the developing embryo.
The seed consists of a toughened layer of integuments forming the coat, the endosperm with food reserves, and at the center, the well-protected embryo.
The seed consists of a toughened layer of integuments forming the coat, the endosperm with food reserves.
In monoecious plants, male and female flowers are separate, but carried on the same plant.
In dioecious plants, male and female flowers are found on separate plants.
Willows and poplars are dioecious.
In spite of the predominance of perfect flowers, only a few species of angiosperms self-pollinate.
Both anatomical and environmental barriers promote cross-pollination mediated by a physical agent, or an animal, such as an insect or bird.
Both anatomical and environmental barriers promote cross-pollination mediated by a physical agent.
Cross-pollination increases genetic diversity in a species.
The female inflorescence is at the upper left.
The male inflorescence is at the lower right.
The seed forms in an ovary, which also enlarges as the seeds grow.
Many foods commonly called vegetables are actually fruits.
Eggplants, zucchini, string beans, tomatoes, and bell peppers are all technically fruits because they contain seeds and are derived from the thick ovary tissue.
bell peppers are all technically fruits because they contain seeds and are derived from the thick ovary tissue.
Acorns are true nuts, and winged maple "helicopter seeds" or whirligigs are also fruits.
Acorns are true nuts.
Botanists classify fruit into more than two dozen different categories, only a few of which are actually fleshy and sweet.
Mature fruit can be fleshy or dry.
Fleshy fruit include the familiar berries, peaches, apples, grapes, and tomatoes.
Fleshy fruit include the familiar berries, peaches, apples, grapes.
Rice, wheat, and nuts are examples of dry fruit.
nuts are examples of dry fruit.
Another subtle distinction is that not all fruits are derived from just the ovary.
For instance, strawberries are derived from the ovary as well as the receptacle, and apples are formed from the ovary and the pericarp, or hypanthium.
For instance, strawberries are derived from the ovary as well as the receptacle.
apples are formed from the ovary and the pericarp, or hypanthium.
For instance, strawberries are derived from the ovary as well as the receptacle, and apples are formed from the ovary and the pericarp.
Some fruits are derived from separate ovaries in a single flower, such as the raspberry.
Additionally, some fruits, like watermelon and orange, have rinds.
Regardless of how they are formed, fruits are an agent of seed dispersal.
The variety of shapes and characteristics reflect the mode of dispersal.
Wind carries the light dry fruits of trees and dandelions.
Water transports floating coconuts.
Some fruits attract herbivores with their color or scent, or as food.
Some fruits attract herbivores with their color or scent.
Once eaten, tough, undigested seeds are dispersed through the herbivore's feces.
Other fruits have burrs and hooks to cling to fur and hitch rides on animals.
Diversity of Angiosperms Angiosperms are classified in a single phylum: the Anthophyta.
Modern angiosperms appear to be a monophyletic group, which as you may recall means that they originated from a single ancestor.
Basal angiosperms are a group of plants that are believed to have branched off before the separation of the monocots and dicots, because they exhibit traits from both groups.
They are categorized separately in most classification schemes.
The basal angiosperms include Amborella, water lilies, the Magnoliids, and a group called the Austrobaileyales, which includes the star anise.
The basal angiosperms include Amborella, water lilies, the Magnoliids.
The monocots and dicots are differentiated on the basis of the structure of the cotyledons, pollen grains, and other structures.
The monocots and dicots are differentiated on the basis of the structure of the cotyledons, pollen grains.
Monocots include grasses and lilies, and the dicots form a multi- branched group that includes roses, cabbages, sunflowers, and mints.
Monocots include grasses and lilies.
the dicots form a multi- branched group that includes roses, cabbages, sunflowers.
Basal Angiosperms The Magnoliidae are represented by the magnolias, laurels, and peppers.
Basal Angiosperms The Magnoliidae are represented by the magnolias, laurels.
Laurel trees produce fragrant leaves and small, inconspicuous flowers.
The Laurales grow mostly in warmer climates and are small trees and shrubs.
A cluster of carpels can be seen above the stamens, which have shed their pollen and begun to drop from the inflorescence.
In the flower, the sepals and petals are undifferentiated and are collectively called tepals.
The common spicebush belongs to the Laurales, the same family as cinnamon and bay laurel.
The fruit of the Piper nigrum plant is black pepper, the main product that was traded along spice routes.
The leaf venation resembles that of both the monocots and the dicots.
Although the leaves of the plant float on the surface of the water, their roots are in the underlying soil at the bottom of the lake.
The fruit is in its final stage, with its red seeds just starting to appear.
Monocots Plants in the monocot group are primarily identified by the presence of a single cotyledon in the seedling.
True woody tissue is rarely found in monocots.
In palm trees, vascular and parenchyma tissues produced by the primary and secondary thickening meristems form the trunk.
The pollen from the first angiosperms was likely monosulcate, containing a single furrow or pore through the outer layer.
This feature is still seen in the modern monocots.
The root system consists of multiple fibrous roots, with no major tap root.
Adventitious roots often emerge from the stem or leaves.
The monocots include familiar plants such as the true lilies, orchids, yucca, asparagus, grasses, and palms.
The monocots include familiar plants such as the true lilies, orchids, yucca, asparagus, grasses.
The world's major crops are flowering plants.
Rice, wheat, and bananas are monocots, while cabbage, beans, and peaches are dicots.
bananas are monocots, while cabbage, beans.
peaches are dicots.
Rice, wheat, and bananas are monocots.
cabbage, beans, and peaches are dicots.
Eudicots Eudicots, or true dicots, are characterized by the presence of two cotyledons in the developing shoot.
true dicots, are characterized by the presence of two cotyledons in the developing shoot.
Veins form a network in leaves, and flower parts come in four, five, or many whorls.
Veins form a network in leaves.
flower parts come in four, five, or many whorls.
Veins form a network in leaves, and flower parts come in four, five.
Vascular tissue forms a ring in the stem; in monocots, vascular tissue is scattered in the stem.
Vascular tissue forms a ring in the stem.
in monocots, vascular tissue is scattered in the stem.
Eudicots can be herbaceous, or produce woody tissues.
Eudicots can be herbaceous.
Most eudicots produce pollen that is trisulcate or triporate, with three furrows or pores.
The root system is usually anchored by one main root developed from the embryonic radicle.
Eudicots comprise two-thirds of all flowering plants.
The major differences between monocots and eudicots are summarized in.
However, some species may exhibit characteristics usually associated with the other group, so identification of a plant as a monocot or a eudicot is not always straightforward.
Without seed plants, life as we know it would not be possible.
Plants play a key role in the maintenance of terrestrial ecosystems through the stabilization of soils, cycling of carbon, and climate moderation.
Plants play a key role in the maintenance of terrestrial ecosystems through the stabilization of soils, cycling of carbon.
Seed plants provide shelter to many life forms, as well as food for herbivores, thereby indirectly feeding carnivores.
Plant secondary metabolites are used for medicinal purposes and industrial production.
Virtually all animal life is dependent on plants for survival.
Many authors have attributed the diversity of plants and insects to both pollination and herbivory, or the consumption of plants by insects and other animals.
Many authors have attributed the diversity of plants and insects to both pollination and herbivory.
Herbivory is believed to have been as much a driving force as pollination.
Coevolution of herbivores and plant defenses is easily and commonly observed in nature.
Unlike animals, most plants cannot outrun predators or use mimicry to hide from hungry animals.
A sort of arms race exists between plants and herbivores.
To "combat" herbivores, some plant seeds—such as acorn and unripened persimmon—are high in alkaloids and therefore unsavory to some animals.
Other plants are protected by bark, although some animals developed specialized mouth pieces to tear and chew vegetal material.
Spines and thorns are examples of plant defenses.
Herbivory has been exploited by seed plants for their own benefit.
The dispersal of fruits by herbivorous animals is a striking example of mutualistic relationships.
The plant offers to the herbivore a nutritious source of food in return for spreading the plant's genetic material to a wider area.
An extreme example of coevolution between an animal and a plant is exemplified by Mexican acacia trees and their attendant acacia ants Pseudomyrmex spp.
The sugar pellets also help to keep the ants from interfering with insect pollinators.
In return, ants discourage herbivores, both invertebrates and vertebrates, by stinging and attacking leaf-eaters and insects ovipositing on the plants.
The ants also help to remove potential plant pathogens, such as fungal growths.
Another case of insect-plant coevolution is found in bracken fern, whose subspecies are found throughout the world.
Bracken ferns produce a number of "secondary plant compounds" in their adult fronds that serve as defensive compounds against nonadapted insect attack.
These opportunistic groups of protective arthropods greatly reduce the damage that otherwise would occur during the early stages of growth.
Animals and Plants: Pollination Flowers pollinated by wind are usually small, feathery, and visually inconspicuous.
Animals and Plants: Pollination Flowers pollinated by wind are usually small, feathery.
Grasses are a successful group of flowering plants that are wind pollinated.
They produce large amounts of powdery pollen carried over large distances by the wind.
Some large trees such as oaks, maples, and birches are also wind pollinated.
birches are also wind pollinated.
More than 80 percent of angiosperms depend on animals for pollination.
Consequently, plants have developed many adaptations to attract pollinators.
With over 200,000 different plants dependent on animal pollination, the plant needs to advertise to its pollinators with some specificity.
It is possible, for example, to determine the general type of pollinators favored by a plant by observing the flower's physical characteristics.
They also produce both fertile pollen, for reproduction, and sterile pollen rich in nutrients for birds and insects.
They also produce both fertile pollen, for reproduction.
Many butterflies and bees can detect ultraviolet light, and flowers that attract these pollinators usually display a pattern of ultraviolet reflectance that helps them quickly locate the flower's center.
Many butterflies and bees can detect ultraviolet light.
Large, red flowers with little smell and a long funnel shape are preferred by hummingbirds, who have good color perception, a poor sense of smell, and need a strong perch.
Large, red flowers with little smell and a long funnel shape are preferred by hummingbirds, who have good color perception, a poor sense of smell.
White flowers that open at night attract moths.
Other animals—such as bats, lemurs, and lizards—can also act as pollinating agents.
lizards—can also act as pollinating agents.
As a bee collects nectar from a flower, it is dusted by pollen, which it then disperses to other flowers.
Background: Visitation of flowers by pollinating flies is a function mostly of smell.
Flies are attracted by rotting flesh and carrions.
The putrid odor seems to be the major attractant.
Some plants strategically attract flies by synthesizing polyamines similar to those generated by decaying flesh and thereby attract carrion flies.
Flies seek out dead animals because they normally lay their eggs on them and their maggots feed on the decaying flesh.
Interestingly, time of death can be determined by a forensic entomologist based on the stages and type of maggots recovered from cadavers.
White petunia may be a good choice.
Given the rapid movement of flies, it may be beneficial to use a video camera to record the fly–flower interaction.
Many societies eat almost exclusively vegetarian fare and depend solely on seed plants for their nutritional needs.
A few crops dominate the agricultural landscape.
Many crops were developed during the agricultural revolution, when human societies made the transition from nomadic hunter–gatherers to horticulture and agriculture.
Cereals, rich in carbohydrates, provide the staple of many human diets.
Fats are derived from crushed seeds, as is the case for peanut and rapeseed oils, or fruits such as olives.
Fats are derived from crushed seeds, as is the case for peanut and rapeseed oils.
Animal husbandry also consumes large quantities of crop plants.
Staple crops are not the only food derived from seed plants.
Various fruits and vegetables provide nutrient macromolecules, vitamins, minerals, and fiber.
Various fruits and vegetables provide nutrient macromolecules, vitamins, minerals.
Sugar, to sweeten dishes, is produced from the monocot sugarcane and the eudicot sugar beet.
Drinks are made from infusions of tea leaves, chamomile flowers, crushed coffee beans, or powdered cocoa beans.
Drinks are made from infusions of tea leaves, chamomile flowers, crushed coffee beans.
The volatile oils of a number of flowers and bark provide the scent of perfumes.
Additionally, no discussion of seed plant contribution to human diet would be complete without the mention of alcohol.
Fermentation of plant-derived sugars and starches is used to produce alcoholic beverages in all societies.
The sharing of foods and beverages also contributes to human social ritual.
Seed plants have many other uses, including providing wood as a source of timber for construction, fuel, and material to build furniture.
Seed plants have many other uses, including providing wood as a source of timber for construction, fuel.
Most paper is derived from the pulp of coniferous trees.
Fibers of seed plants such as cotton, flax, and hemp are woven into cloth.
hemp are woven into cloth.
Textile dyes, such as indigo, were mostly of plant origin until the advent of synthetic chemical dyes.
Lastly, it is more difficult to quantify the benefits of ornamental seed plants.
Humans rely on plants for a variety of reasons.
Cacao beans were introduced to Europe from the New World, where they were used by Mesoamerican civilizations.
Combined with sugar, another plant product, chocolate is a popular food.
Flowers like the tulip are cultivated for their beauty.
Quinine, extracted from cinchona trees, is used to treat malaria, to reduce fever, and to alleviate pain.
Quinine, extracted from cinchona trees, is used to treat malaria, to reduce fever.
Alice Ball developed a way to use a plant-based substance to treat leprosy.
The medicinal properties of plants have been known to human societies since ancient times.
Very often, the raw form of the plant or plant-based substance may be unusable even if it demonstrates helpful properties.
For example, chaulmoogra oil was somewhat effective for treating leprosy, but it was difficult to apply and painful for patients.
The "Ball Technique" remained the preferred method until synthetic medicines replaced it decades later.
Plant-based medicines are critical to health, but another challenge to their use is the availability and localization of the source.
In many cases, as a medicine becomes widely used, supply limitations may lead to high costs and shortages, and any unforeseen issues, such as natural disasters, create challenges with availability.
In many cases, as a medicine becomes widely used, supply limitations may lead to high costs and shortages.
any unforeseen issues, such as natural disasters, create challenges with availability.
In most cases, scientists and pharmaceutical producers seek synthetic versions of the chemicals, and/or ways to mass produce them outside the normal process of plant growth.
Efforts like these greatly increased both the access and consistency of medicines.
Seed plants have a large influence on day-to-day human life.
Not only are plants the major source of food and medicine, they also influence many other aspects of society, from clothing to industry.
The medicinal properties of plants were recognized early on in human cultures.
From the mid-1900s, synthetic chemicals began to supplant plant-based remedies.
Pharmacognosy is the branch of pharmacology that focuses on medicines derived from natural sources.
With massive globalization and industrialization, it is possible that much human knowledge of plants and their medicinal purposes will disappear with the cultures that fostered them.
This is where ethnobotanists come in.
To become an ethnobotanist, a person must acquire a broad knowledge of plant biology, ecology, and sociology.
To become an ethnobotanist, a person must acquire a broad knowledge of plant biology, ecology.
The convergence of molecular biology, anthropology, and ecology make the field of ethnobotany a truly multidisciplinary science.
ecology make the field of ethnobotany a truly multidisciplinary science.
Biodiversity of Plants Biodiversity ensures a resource for new food crops and medicines.
Threats to plant diversity, however, come from many sources.
To feed the growing population, humans need to obtain arable land, so there has been and continues to be massive clearing of trees.
The need for more energy to power larger cities and economic growth therein leads to the construction of dams, the consequent flooding of ecosystems, and increased emissions of pollutants.
The need for more energy to power larger cities and economic growth therein leads to the construction of dams, the consequent flooding of ecosystems.
Other threats to tropical forests come from poachers, who log trees for their precious wood.
Ebony and Brazilian rosewood, both on the endangered list, are examples of tree species driven almost to extinction by indiscriminate logging.
This unfortunate practice continues unabated today largely due to lack of population control and political willpower.
The number of plant species becoming extinct is increasing at an alarming rate.
A real and pressing issue is that many plant species have not yet been catalogued, and so their place in the ecosystem is unknown.
A real and pressing issue is that many plant species have not yet been catalogued.
so their place in the ecosystem is unknown.
These unknown species are threatened by logging, habitat destruction, and loss of pollinators.
These unknown species are threatened by logging, habitat destruction.
They may become extinct before we have the chance to begin to understand the possible impacts from their disappearance.
Efforts to preserve biodiversity take several lines of action, from preserving heirloom seeds to barcoding species.
Heirloom seeds come from plants that were traditionally grown in human populations, as opposed to the seeds used for large-scale agricultural production.
Most crops and ornamental plants are angiosperms.
Two major reproduction from variability in the environment: the innovations were seeds and pollen.
Seeds protect the flower and the fruit.
Seeds are also equipped to delay are the sepals and petals, which protect the germination until growth conditions are optimal.
The allows seed plants to reproduce in the absence of stamens produce the male gametes in pollen grains.
Permian period and became the dominant group during The angiosperm life cycle is dominated by the the Triassic, pollen was dispersed by wind, and their sporophyte stage.
Permian period and became the dominant group during The angiosperm life cycle is dominated by the the Triassic, pollen was dispersed by wind.
Double fertilization is an event naked seeds developed in the sporophylls of a unique to angiosperms.
Angiosperms bear both flowers and fruit.
Fruits offer additional protection to called the endosperm.
Flowering plants are divided the embryo during its development, and also assist into two main groups, the monocots and eudicots, with seed dispersal.
Flowering plants are divided the embryo during its development.
Angiosperms appeared during the according to the number of cotyledons in the seedlings.
Mesozoic era and have become the dominant plant life Basal angiosperms belong to an older lineage than in terrestrial habitats.
They appeared in the Paleozoic interactions with animals.
Herbivory has favored the period and were the dominant plant life during the development of defense mechanisms in plants, and Mesozoic.
Herbivory has favored the period and were the dominant plant life during the development of defense mechanisms in plants.
Modern-day gymnosperms belong to four avoidance of those defense mechanisms in animals.
The largest phylum, Coniferophyta, is Conversely, seed dispersal can be aided by animals represented by conifers, the predominant plants at that eat plant fruits.
Cycads is mainly carried out by wind and animals, Cycadophyta) resemble palm trees and grow in tropical and angiosperm fruits and seeds have evolved climates.
Ginkgophyta is represented today by a single numerous adaptations to capture the wind or attract species, Ginkgo biloba.
The last phylum, Gnetophyta, is specific classes of animals.
Plants play a key role in ecosystems.
They are a source of food and medicinal compounds, and provide raw 26.3 Angiosperms materials for many industries.
They are a source of food and medicinal compounds.
most terrestrial ecosystems, comprising about 90 In turn, this threatens the ecosystem.
when the pollen tube begins to grow a. when the female cone begins to bud from the tree 2.
Seed plants are ________.
In the northern forests of Siberia, a tall tree is 4.
Which of the following structures widens the b.
In the course of double fertilization, one sperm c. leaf cell fuses with the egg and the second one fuses d. root with ________.
The plants carry exposed seeds on d.
the antipodal cells modified leaves.
Reproductive structures are located in a 14.
Corn develops from a seedling with a single flower.
cotyledon, displays parallel veins on its leaves, c.
It is most forms a fruit.
The gametophyte is the longest phase of a. a gymnosperm the life cycle.
White and sweet-smelling flowers with c. birds abundant nectar are probably pollinated by d. wind a. bees and butterflies b. flies 18.
Plants are a source of ________.
The Cretaceous Period was marked by the species and their trade is severely restricted.
Customs officials stop suspected smugglers who Insects also diversified enormously during the claim that the plants in their possession are same period.
Can you propose the reason or palm trees, not cycads.
What role did the adaptations of seed and pollen 24.
Biosynthesis of nectar and nutrient-rich pollen is shore is dotted with pines and cypresses.
Yet, weather is not cold, and the trees grow at sea plants funnel large amounts of energy into level.
Yet, weather is not cold.
the trees grow at sea plants funnel large amounts of energy into level.
What are the four modern-day phyla of 26.