# Biology2e Chapter 28 — Invertebrates
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 1090

INTRODUCTION A brief look at any magazine pertaining to our natural world, such as National Geographic, would show a rich variety of vertebrates, especially mammals and birds.
To most people, these are the animals that attract our attention.
The invertebrate animal phyla exhibit an enormous variety of cells and tissues adapted for specific purposes, and frequently these tissues are unique to their phyla.
The invertebrate animal phyla exhibit an enormous variety of cells and tissues adapted for specific purposes.
frequently these tissues are unique to their phyla.
These specializations show the range of cellular differentiation possible within the clade Opisthokonta, which has both unicellular and multicellular members.
Cellular and structural specializations include cuticles for protection, spines and tiny harpoons for defense, toothy structures for feeding, and wings for flight.
Cellular and structural specializations include cuticles for protection, spines and tiny harpoons for defense, toothy structures for feeding.
An exoskeleton may be adapted for movement or for the attachment of muscles as in the clams and insects.
Secretory cells can produce venom, mucus, or digestive enzymes.
Secretory cells can produce venom, mucus.
Perhaps you will find it amazing that an enormous number of both aquatic and terrestrial invertebrates—perhaps millions of species—have not yet been scientifically classified.
As a result, the phylogenetic relationships among the invertebrates are constantly being updated as new information is collected about the organisms of each phylum.
As we have seen, the vast majority of invertebrate animals do not possess a defined bony vertebral endoskeleton, or a bony cranium.
As we have seen, the vast majority of invertebrate animals do not possess a defined bony vertebral endoskeleton.
We will start our investigation with the simplest of all the invertebrates—animals sometimes classified within the clade Parazoa.
The split between the Parazoa and the Eumetazoa likely took place over a billion years ago.
We should reiterate here that the Porifera do not possess "true" tissues that are embryologically homologous to those of all other derived animal groups such as the insects and mammals.
Thus, functionally, the poriferans can be said to have tissues; however, these tissues are likely not embryologically homologous to our own.
Thus, functionally, the poriferans can be said to have tissues.
however, these tissues are likely not embryologically homologous to our own.
Sponge larvae are flagellated and able to swim; however, adults are non-motile and spend their life attached to a substratum.
however, adults are non-motile and spend their life attached to a substratum.
Since water is vital to sponges for feeding, excretion, and gas exchange, their body structure facilitates the movement of water through the sponge.
Since water is vital to sponges for feeding, excretion.
gas exchange, their body structure facilitates the movement of water through the sponge.
Sponges are members of the phylum Porifera, which contains the simplest invertebrates.
Morphology of Sponges There are at least 5,000 named species of sponges, likely with thousands more yet to be classified.
Water enters into the spongocoel through numerous pores, or ostia, that create openings in the body wall.
Water enters into the spongocoel through numerous pores.
Water entering the spongocoel is expelled via a large common opening called the osculum.
While sponges do not exhibit true tissue-layer organization, they do have a number of functional "tissues" composed of different cell types specialized for distinct functions.
For example, epithelial-like cells called pinacocytes form the outermost body, called a pinacoderm, that serves a protective function similar that of our epidermis.
These pores have given the sponges their phylum name Porifera—pore-bearers.
In some sponges, ostia are formed by porocytes, single tube-shaped cells that act as valves to regulate the flow of water into the spongocoel.
In other sponges, ostia are formed by folds in the body wall of the sponge.
Various cell types reside within the mesohyl, including amoebocytes, the "stem cells" of sponges, and sclerocytes, which produce skeletal materials.
Various cell types reside within the mesohyl, including amoebocytes, the "stem cells" of sponges.
The gel-like consistency of mesohyl acts like an endoskeleton and maintains the tubular morphology of sponges.
The feeding chambers inside the sponge are lined by choanocytes.
These feeding cells are similar in appearance to unicellular choanoflagellates.
This similarity suggests that sponges and choanoflagellates are closely related and likely share common ancestry.
The body of the choanocyte is embedded in mesohyl and contains all the organelles required for normal cell function.
The amoebocytes, are so named because they move throughout the mesohyl in an amoeba-like fashion.
They have a variety of functions: In addition to delivering nutrients from choanocytes to other cells within the sponge, they also give rise to eggs for sexual reproduction.
The amoebocytes can differentiate into other cell types of the sponge, such as collenocytes and lophocytes, which produce the collagen-like protein that support the mesohyl.
a. Choanocytes have flagella that propel water through the body.
Pinacocytes can transform into any cell type.
d. Porocytes control the flow of water through pores in the sponge body.
LINK TO LEARNING Take an up-close tour through the sponge and its cells.
As we've seen, most sponges are supported by small bone-like spicules in the mesohyl.
Spicules provide support for the body of the sponge, and may also deter predation.
Spicules provide support for the body of the sponge.
Sponges in this last class have been used as bath sponges.
Spicules are most conspicuously present in the glass sponges, class Hexactinellida.
Some of the spicules may attain gigantic proportions.
The glass sponges are also unusual in that most of their body cells are fused together to form a multinucleate syncytium.
Because their cells are interconnected in this way, the hexactinellid sponges have no mesohyl.
A fourth class of sponges, the Sclerospongiae, was described from species discovered in underwater tunnels.
These are also called coralline sponges after their multilayered calcium carbonate skeletons.
Acarnus erithacus belongs to class Demospongia.
Physiological Processes in Sponges Sponges, despite being simple organisms, regulate their different physiological processes through a variety of mechanisms.
These processes regulate their metabolism, reproduction, and locomotion.
These processes regulate their metabolism, reproduction.
Digestion Sponges lack complex digestive, respiratory, circulatory, and nervous systems.
Digestion Sponges lack complex digestive, respiratory, circulatory.
Bacteria smaller than 0.5 microns in size are trapped by choanocytes, which are the principal cells engaged in feeding, and are ingested by phagocytosis.
Bacteria smaller than 0.5 microns in size are trapped by choanocytes, which are the principal cells engaged in feeding.
However, particles that are larger than the ostia may be phagocytized at the sponge's surface by pinacocytes.
In sponges, in spite of what looks like a large digestive cavity, all digestion is intracellular.
The limit of this type of digestion is that food particles must be smaller than individual sponge cells.
All cell types within the sponge obtain oxygen from water through diffusion.
Likewise, carbon dioxide is released into seawater by diffusion.
In addition, nitrogenous waste produced as a byproduct of protein metabolism is excreted via diffusion by individual cells into the water as it passes through the sponge.
Some sponges host green algae or cyanobacteria as endosymbionts within archeocytes and other cells.
Reproduction Sponges reproduce by sexual as well as asexual methods.
An atypical type of asexual reproduction is found only in freshwater sponges and occurs through the formation of gemmules.
Gemmules are environmentally resistant structures produced by adult sponges.
In gemmules, an inner layer of archeocytes is surrounded by a pneumatic cellular layer that may be reinforced with spicules.
In freshwater sponges, gemmules may survive hostile environmental conditions like changes in temperature, and then serve to recolonize the habitat once environmental conditions improve and stabilize.
In freshwater sponges, gemmules may survive hostile environmental conditions like changes in temperature.
Gemmules are capable of attaching to a substratum and generating a new sponge.
remain dormant for long periods, they are an excellent means of colonization for a sessile organism.
Oocytes arise by the differentiation of amoebocytes and are retained within the spongocoel, whereas spermatozoa result from the differentiation of choanocytes and are ejected via the osculum.
Oocytes arise by the differentiation of amoebocytes and are retained within the spongocoel.
Sponges are monoecious, which means that one individual can produce both gametes simultaneously.
In some sponges, production of gametes may occur throughout the year, whereas other sponges may show sexual cycles depending upon water temperature.
In some sponges, production of gametes may occur throughout the year.
other sponges may show sexual cycles depending upon water temperature.
Sponges may also become sequentially hermaphroditic, producing oocytes first and spermatozoa later.
This temporal separation of gametes produced by the same sponge helps to encourage cross-fertilization and genetic diversity.
Spermatozoa carried along by water currents can fertilize the oocytes borne in the mesohyl of other sponges.
Early larval development occurs within the sponge, and free-swimming larvae are then released via the osculum.
Early larval development occurs within the sponge.
free-swimming larvae are then released via the osculum.
Locomotion Sponges are generally sessile as adults and spend their lives attached to a fixed substratum.
They do not show movement over large distances like other free-swimming marine invertebrates.
However, sponge cells are capable of creeping along substrata via organizational plasticity, i.e., rearranging their cells.
Under experimental conditions, researchers have shown that sponge cells spread on a physical support demonstrate a leading edge for directed movement.
It has been speculated that this localized creeping movement may help sponges adjust to microenvironments near the point of attachment.
It must be noted, however, that this pattern of movement has been documented in laboratories, it remains to be observed in natural sponge habitats.
Phylum Cnidaria includes animals that exhibit radial or biradial symmetry and are diploblastic, meaning that they develop from two embryonic layers, ectoderm and endoderm.
Nearly all cnidarians are marine species.
Whereas the defining cell type for the sponges is the choanocyte, the defining cell type for the cnidarians is the cnidocyte, or stinging cell.
Whereas the defining cell type for the sponges is the choanocyte, the defining cell type for the cnidarians is the cnidocyte.
These cells are located around the mouth and on the tentacles, and serve to capture prey or repel predators.
These cells are located around the mouth and on the tentacles.
Cnidocytes have large stinging organelles called nematocysts, which usually contain barbs at the base of a long coiled thread.
The outer wall of the cell has a hairlike projection called a cnidocil, which is sensitive to tactile stimulation.
If the cnidocils are touched, the hollow threads evert with enormous acceleration, approaching 40,000 times that of gravity.
Cnidocytes contain large organelles called nematocysts that store a coiled thread and barb, the nematocyst.
When the hairlike cnidocil on the cell surface is touched, even lightly, the thread, barb, and a toxin are fired from the organelle.
When the hairlike cnidocil on the cell surface is touched, even lightly, the thread, barb.
a toxin are fired from the organelle.
Two distinct body plans are found in Cnidarians: the polyp or tuliplike "stalk" form and the medusa or "bell" form.
An example of the polyp form is found in the genus Hydra, whereas the most typical form of medusa is found in the group called the "sea jellies".
An example of the polyp form is found in the genus Hydra.
the most typical form of medusa is found in the group called the "sea jellies".
Polyp forms are sessile as adults, with a single opening to the digestive cavity facing up with tentacles surrounding it.
Medusa forms are motile, with the mouth and tentacles hanging down from an umbrella-shaped bell.
Cnidarians have two distinct body plans, the medusa and the polyp.
All cnidarians have two membrane layers, with a jelly-like mesoglea between them.
Some cnidarians are dimorphic, that is, they exhibit both body plans during their life cycle.
In these species, the polyp serves as the asexual phase, while the medusa serves as the sexual stage and produces gametes.
In these species, the polyp serves as the asexual phase.
the medusa serves as the sexual stage and produces gametes.
However, both body forms are diploid.
An example of cnidarian dimorphism can be seen in the colonial hydroid Obelia.
In Obelia, all polyps are connected through a common digestive cavity called a coenosarc.
The other type of polyp is the gonozooid, adapted for the asexual budding and the production of sexual medusae.
The reproductive buds from the gonozooid break off and mature into free-swimming medusae, which are either male or female.
Each medusa has either several testes or several ovaries in which meiosis occurs to produce sperm or egg cells.
Interestingly, the gamete-producing cells do not arise within the gonad itself, but migrate into it from the tissues in the gonozooid.
This separate origin of gonad and gametes is common throughout the eumetazoa.
The gametes are released into the surrounding water, and after fertilization, the zygote develops into a blastula, which soon develops into a ciliated, bilaterally symmetrical planula larva.
The gametes are released into the surrounding water.
after fertilization, the zygote develops into a blastula, which soon develops into a ciliated, bilaterally symmetrical planula larva.
The planula swims freely for a while, but eventually attaches to a substrate and becomes a single polyp, from which a new colony of polyps is formed by budding.
The colonial sessile form of Obelia geniculata has two types of polyps: gastrozooids, which are adapted for capturing prey, and gonozooids, which asexually bud to produce medusae.
The colonial sessile form of Obelia geniculata has two types of polyps: gastrozooids, which are adapted for capturing prey.
All cnidarians are diploblastic and thus have two "epithelial" layers in the body that are derived from the endoderm and ectoderm of the embryo.
In the planula larva, a layer of ectoderm surrounds a solid mass of endoderm, but as the polyp develops, the digestive or gastrovascular cavity opens within the endoderm.
The nervous system is rudimentary, with nerve cells organized in a network scattered across the body.
This nerve net may show the presence of groups of cells that form nerve plexi or nerve cords.
Cnidarian nerve cells show mixed characteristics of motor and sensory neurons.
systems are peptides, which perform both excitatory and inhibitory functions.
The gastrovascular cavity has only one opening that serves as both a mouth and an anus; this arrangement is called an incomplete digestive system.
The gastrovascular cavity has only one opening that serves as both a mouth and an anus.
In the gastrovascular cavity, extracellular digestion occurs as food is taken into the gastrovascular cavity, enzymes are secreted into the cavity, and the cells lining the cavity absorb nutrients.
In the gastrovascular cavity, extracellular digestion occurs as food is taken into the gastrovascular cavity, enzymes are secreted into the cavity.
the cells lining the cavity absorb nutrients.
However, some intracellular digestion also occurs.
The gastrovascular cavity distributes nutrients throughout the body of the animal, with nutrients passing from the digestive cavity across the mesoglea to the epidermal cells.
Thus, this cavity serves both digestive and circulatory functions.
The lack of a circulatory system to move dissolved gases limits the thickness of the body wall and necessitates a non-living mesoglea between the layers.
In the cnidarians with a thicker mesoglea, a number of canals help to distribute both nutrients and gases.
nitrogenous wastes simply diffuse from the cells into the water outside the animal or into the gastrovascular cavity.
The Anthozoa include the corals, sea fans, sea whips, and the sea anemones.
The Anthozoa include the corals, sea fans, sea whips.
The Medusozoa include several classes of Cnidaria in two clades: The Hydrozoa include sessile forms, some medusoid forms, and swimming colonial forms like the Portuguese man-of-war.
The Medusozoa include several classes of Cnidaria in two clades: The Hydrozoa include sessile forms, some medusoid forms.
The other clade contains various types of jellies including both Scyphozoa and Cubozoa.
The Anthozoa contain only sessile polyp forms, while the Medusozoa include species with both polyp and medusa forms in their life cycle.
The Anthozoa contain only sessile polyp forms.
the Medusozoa include species with both polyp and medusa forms in their life cycle.
Sea anemones are usually brightly colored and can attain a size of 1.8 to 10 cm in diameter.
Individual animals are cylindrical in shape and are attached directly to a substrate.
The sea anemone is shown photographed and in a diagram illustrating its morphology.
The mouth of a sea anemone is surrounded by tentacles that bear cnidocytes.
The slit-like mouth opening and flattened pharynx are lined with ectoderm.
This structure of the pharynx makes anemones bilaterally symmetrical.
A ciliated groove called a siphonoglyph is found on two opposite sides of the pharynx and directs water into it.
This cavity is divided into several chambers by longitudinal septa called mesenteries.
Each mesentery consists of a fold of gastrodermal tissue with a layer of mesoglea between the sheets of gastrodermis.
Mesenteries do not divide the gastrovascular cavity completely, and the smaller cavities coalesce at the pharyngeal opening.
Mesenteries do not divide the gastrovascular cavity completely.
the smaller cavities coalesce at the pharyngeal opening.
Some sea anemones establish a mutualistic relationship with hermit crabs when the crab seizes and attaches them to their shell.
In this relationship, the anemone gets food particles from prey caught by the crab, and the crab is protected from the predators by the stinging cells of the anemone.
In this relationship, the anemone gets food particles from prey caught by the crab.
the crab is protected from the predators by the stinging cells of the anemone.
Coral polyps feed on smaller planktonic organisms, including algae, bacteria, and invertebrate larvae.
Coral polyps feed on smaller planktonic organisms, including algae, bacteria.
Some anthozoans have symbiotic associations with dinoflagellate algae called zooxanthellae.
This complex mutualistic association began more than 210 million years ago, according to a new study by an international team of scientists.
Reefs are threatened by a trend in ocean warming that has caused corals to expel their zooxanthellae algae and turn white, a process called coral bleaching.
Anthozoans remain polypoid throughout their lives and can reproduce asexually by budding or fragmentation, or sexually by producing gametes.
Anthozoans remain polypoid throughout their lives and can reproduce asexually by budding or fragmentation.
The larva settles on a suitable substratum and develops into a sessile polyp.
Class Scyphozoa Class Scyphozoa includes only marine jellies, with about 200 known species.
The medusa is the prominent stage in the life cycle, although there is a polyp stage in the life cycle of most species.
Most jellies range from 2 to 40 cm in length but the largest scyphozoan species, Cyanea capillata, can reach a size of two meters in diameter.
A jelly is shown photographed and in a diagram illustrating its morphology.
In the sea jelly, a mouth opening is present on the underside of the animal, surrounded by hollow tentacles bearing nematocysts.
Scyphozoans live most of their life cycle as free-swimming, solitary carnivores.
The mouth leads to the gastrovascular cavity, which may be sectioned into four interconnected sacs, called diverticuli.
In some species, the digestive system may branch further into radial canals.
Like the septa in anthozoans, the branched gastrovascular cells serve two functions: to increase the surface area for nutrient absorption and diffusion, and to support the body of the animal.
Like the septa in anthozoans, the branched gastrovascular cells serve two functions: to increase the surface area for nutrient absorption and diffusion.
In scyphozoans, nerve cells are organized in a nerve net that extends over the entire body, with a nerve ring around the edge of the bell.
Clusters of sensory organs called rhopalia may be present in pockets in the edge of the bell.
Scyphozoans have separate sexes.
The gonads are formed from the gastrodermis and gametes are expelled through the mouth.
Planula larvae are formed by external fertilization; they settle on a substratum in a polypoid form.
Planula larvae are formed by external fertilization.
they settle on a substratum in a polypoid form.
These polyps may bud to form additional polyps or begin immediately to produce medusa buds.
In a few species, the planula larva may develop directly into the medusa.
The lifecycle of most jellyfish includes two stages: the medusa stage and the polyp stage.
The polyp reproduces asexually by budding, and the medusa reproduces sexually.
The polyp reproduces asexually by budding.
These species may achieve sizes of 15 to 25 cm, but typically members of the Cubozoa are not as large as those of the Scyphozoa.
However, cubozoans display overall morphological and anatomical characteristics that are similar to those of the scyphozoans.
A prominent difference between the two classes is the arrangement of tentacles.
The cubozoans contain muscular pads called pedalia at the corners of the square bell canopy, with one or more tentacles attached to each pedalium.
In some cases, the digestive system may extend into the pedalia.
Nematocysts may be arranged in a spiral configuration along the tentacles; this arrangement helps to effectively subdue and capture prey.
Nematocysts may be arranged in a spiral configuration along the tentacles.
this arrangement helps to effectively subdue and capture prey.
These animals are unusual in having image-forming eyes, including a cornea, lens, and retina.
These animals are unusual in having image-forming eyes, including a cornea, lens.
Eyes are located in four clusters between each pair of pedalia.
Each cluster consists of four simple eye spots plus two image-forming eyes oriented in different directions.
Nonetheless, the presence of eyes helps the cubozoans to be active and effective hunters of small marine animals like worms, arthropods, and fish.
Nonetheless, the presence of eyes helps the cubozoans to be active and effective hunters of small marine animals like worms, arthropods.
Cubozoans have separate sexes and fertilization occurs inside the female.
Planula larvae may develop inside the female or be released, depending on species.
Each planula develops into a polyp.
These polyps may bud to form more polyps to create a colony; each polyp then transforms into a single medusa.
These polyps may bud to form more polyps to create a colony.
each polyp then transforms into a single medusa.
The tiny cubozoan jelly Malo kingi is thimble-shaped and, like all cubozoan jellies, has four muscular pedalia to which the tentacles attach.
M. kingi is one of two species of jellies known to cause Irukandji syndrome, a condition characterized by excruciating muscle pain, vomiting, increased heart rate, and psychological symptoms.
M. kingi is one of two species of jellies known to cause Irukandji syndrome, a condition characterized by excruciating muscle pain, vomiting, increased heart rate.
Two people in Australia, where Irukandji jellies are most commonly found, are believed to have died from Irukandji stings.
A sign on a beach in northern Australia warns swimmers of the danger.
Most species exhibit both polypoid and medusoid forms in their lifecycles, although the familiar Hydra has only the polyp form.
The medusoid form has a muscular veil or velum below the margin of the bell and for this reason is called a hydromedusa.
In contrast, the medusoid form of Scyphozoa lacks a velum and is termed a scyphomedusa.
The polyp form in these animals often shows a cylindrical morphology with a central gastrovascular cavity lined by the gastrodermis.
The gastrodermis and epidermis have a simple layer of mesoglea sandwiched between them.
A mouth opening, surrounded by tentacles, is present at the oral end of the animal.
Many hydrozoans form sessile, branched colonies of specialized polyps that share a common, branching gastrovascular cavity, such as is found in the colonial hydroid Obelia.
Free-floating colonial species called siphonophores contain both medusoid and polypoid individuals that are specialized for feeding, defense, or reproduction.
Free-floating colonial species called siphonophores contain both medusoid and polypoid individuals that are specialized for feeding, defense.
The distinctive rainbow-hued float of the Portuguese man o' war creates a pneumatophore with which it regulates buoyancy by filling and expelling carbon monoxide gas.
At first glance, these complex superorganisms appear to be a single organism; but the reality is that even the tentacles are actually composed of zooids laden with nematocysts.
At first glance, these complex superorganisms appear to be a single organism.
but the reality is that even the tentacles are actually composed of zooids laden with nematocysts.
Physalia has male and female colonies, which release their gametes into the water.
The zygote develops into a single individual, which then buds asexually to form a new colony.
Siphonophores include the largest known floating cnidarian colonies such as Praya dubia, whose chain of zooids can get up to 50 meters long.
Other hydrozoan species are solitary polyps or solitary hydromedusae.
One defining characteristic shared by the hydrozoans is that their gonads are derived from epidermal tissue, whereas in all other cnidarians they are derived from gastrodermal tissue.
One defining characteristic shared by the hydrozoans is that their gonads are derived from epidermal tissue.
in all other cnidarians they are derived from gastrodermal tissue.
Animals belonging to superphylum Lophotrochozoa are triploblastic and unlike the cnidarians, they possess an embryonic mesoderm sandwiched between the ectoderm and endoderm.
These phyla are also bilaterally symmetrical, meaning that a longitudinal section will divide them into right and left sides that are superficially symmetrical.
germ layer), becomes the mouth opening into the alimentary canal.
Protostomes include acoelomate, pseudocoelomate, and eucoelomate phyla.
Protostomes include acoelomate, pseudocoelomate.
The coelom is a cavity that separates the ectoderm from the endoderm.
Eucoelmate protostomes are schizocoels, in which mesoderm-producing cells typically migrate into the blastocoel during gastrulation and multiply to form a solid mass of cells.
Cavities then develop within the cell mass to form the coelom.
We should note here that a eucoelomate can form its "true coelom" by either schizocoely or enterocoely.
The process that produces the coelom is different and of taxonomic importance, but the result is the same: a complete, mesodermally lined coelom.
Most organisms placed in the superphylum Lophotrochozoa possess either a lophophore feeding apparatus or a trochophore larvae.
The lophophore is a feeding structure composed of a set of ciliated tentacles surrounding the mouth.
A trochophore is a free-swimming larva characterized by two bands of cilia surrounding a top-like body.
Nevertheless their placement with the Lophotrochozoa is upheld when ribosomal RNA and other gene sequences are compared.
The systematics of this complex group is still unclear and much more work remains to resolve the cladistic relationships among them.
Phylum Platyhelminthes The flatworms are acoelomate organisms that include many free-living and parasitic forms.
Spiral cleavage is also seen in the polycladids and other basal flatworm groups.
However, both the monophyly of the flatworms and their placement in the Lophotrochozoa has been supported by molecular analyses.
The Platyhelminthes consist of two monophyletic lineages: the Catenulida and the Rhabditophora.
The Catenulida, or "chain worms," is a small clade of just over 100 species.
"chain worms," is a small clade of just over 100 species.
These worms typically reproduce asexually by budding.
However, the offspring do not fully detach from the parents and the formation resembles a chain in appearance.
All of the flatworms discussed here are part of the Rhabditophora.
Rhabdites are rodlike structures discharged in the mucus produced by some free-living flatworms; they likely serve in both defense and to provide traction for ciliary gliding along the substrate.
Rhabdites are rodlike structures discharged in the mucus produced by some free-living flatworms.
they likely serve in both defense and to provide traction for ciliary gliding along the substrate.
Unlike free-living flatworms, many species of trematodes and cestodes are parasitic, including important parasites of humans.
Flatworms exhibit significant diversity.
A blue Pseudoceros flatworm; gold speckled flatworm.
gold speckled flatworm.
Flatworms have three embryonic tissue layers that give rise to epidermal tissues, the lining of the digestive system, and other internal tissues.
Flatworms have three embryonic tissue layers that give rise to epidermal tissues, the lining of the digestive system.
The epidermal tissue is a single layer of cells or a layer of fused cells that covers two layers of muscle, one circular and the other longitudinal.
The mesodermal tissues include mesenchymal cells that contain collagen and support secretory cells that produce mucus and other materials at the surface.
Because flatworms are acoelomates, the mesodermal layer forms a solid mass between the outer epidermal surface and the cavity of the digestive system.
Physiological Processes of Flatworms The free-living species of flatworms are predators or scavengers.
Parasitic forms feed by absorbing nutrients provided by their hosts.
In such animals, the "mouth" is also used to expel waste materials from the digestive system, and thus also serves as an anus.
In such animals, the "mouth" is also used to expel waste materials from the digestive system.
The gut may be a simple sac or highly branched.
Digestion is primarily extracellular, with digested materials taken into the cells of the gut lining by phagocytosis.
One parasitic group, the tapeworms, lacks a digestive system altogether, and absorb digested food from the host.
One parasitic group, the tapeworms, lacks a digestive system altogether.
The system is responsible for the regulation of dissolved salts and the excretion of nitrogenous wastes.
The nervous system consists of a pair of lateral nerve cords running the length of the body with transverse connections between them.
Two large cerebral ganglia—concentrations of nerve cell bodies at the anterior end of the worm—are associated with photosensory and chemosensory cells.
This necessarily limits the thickness of the body in these organisms, constraining them to be "flat" worms.
Most flatworm species are monoecious, and fertilization is typically internal.
Most flatworm species are monoecious.
fertilization is typically internal.
Asexual reproduction by fission is common in some groups.
The planarian is a flatworm that has a gastrovascular cavity with one opening that serves as both mouth and anus.
The excretory system is made up of flame cells and tubules connected to excretory pores on both sides of the body.
The nervous system is composed of two interconnected nerve cords running the length of the body, with cerebral ganglia and eyespots at the anterior end.
Phylum Platyhelminthes was previously divided into four classes.
Class Turbellaria includes the free-living polycladid Bedford's flatworm, which is about 8 to 10 cm in length.
The class Trematoda includes Fascioloides magna and Fasciola hepatica.
Most free-living flatworms are marine polycladids, although tricladid species live in freshwater or moist terrestrial environments, and there are a number of members from other orders in both environments.
Most free-living flatworms are marine polycladids, although tricladid species live in freshwater or moist terrestrial environments.
The parasite has only one host and that host is usually very specific.
The worms may produce enzymes that digest the host tissues, or they may simply graze on surface mucus and skin particles.
The worms may produce enzymes that digest the host tissues.
they may simply graze on surface mucus and skin particles.
Most monogeneans are hermaphroditic, but the male gametes develop first and so cross-fertilization is quite common.
The trematodes, or flukes, are internal parasites of mollusks and many other groups, including humans.
flukes, are internal parasites of mollusks and many other groups, including humans.
Trematodes have complex life cycles that involve a primary host in which sexual reproduction occurs, and one or more secondary hosts in which asexual reproduction occurs.
Trematodes have complex life cycles that involve a primary host in which sexual reproduction occurs.
The primary host is usually a vertebrate and the secondary host is almost always a mollusk, in which multiple larvae are produced asexually.
The parasite infects various organs in the body and feeds on red blood cells before reproducing.
In fact, it is the parasite's eggs that produce most of the main ill effects of schistosomiasis.
In the liver, the errant eggs may impede circulation and cause cirrhosis.
Control is difficult in impoverished areas in unsanitary, crowded conditions, and prognosis is poor in people with heavy infections of Schistosoma japonicum, without early treatment.
Control is difficult in impoverished areas in unsanitary, crowded conditions.
prognosis is poor in people with heavy infections of Schistosoma japonicum, without early treatment.
Each proglottid may contain an excretory system with flame cells, along with reproductive structures, both male and female.
Because they are so long and flat, tapeworms do not need a digestive system; instead, they absorb nutrients from the food matter surrounding them in the host's intestine by diffusion.
Because they are so long and flat, tapeworms do not need a digestive system.
instead, they absorb nutrients from the food matter surrounding them in the host's intestine by diffusion.
Proglottids are produced at the scolex and gradually migrate to the end of the tapeworm; at this point, they are "mature" and all structures except fertilized eggs have degenerated.
Proglottids are produced at the scolex and gradually migrate to the end of the tapeworm.
at this point, they are "mature" and all structures except fertilized eggs have degenerated.
Most reproduction occurs by cross-fertilization between different worms in the same host, but may also occur between proglottids.
The mature proglottids detach from the body of the worm and are released into the feces of the organism.
The eggs are eaten by an intermediate host, typically another vertebrate.
The juvenile worm infects the intermediate host and takes up residence, usually in muscle tissue.
Although their taxonomic status is currently in flux, one treatment places the rotifers in three classes: Bdelloidea, Monogononta, and Seisonidea.
Although their taxonomic status is currently in flux, one treatment places the rotifers in three classes: Bdelloidea, Monogononta.
In addition, the parasitic "spiny headed worms" currently in phylum Acanthocephala, appear to be modified rotifers and will probably be placed into the group in the near future.
Undoubtedly the rotifers will continue to be revised as more phylogenetic evidence becomes available.
A cuticle, rigid in some species and flexible in others, covers the body surface.
They have both skeletal muscle associated with locomotion and visceral muscles associated with the gut, both composed of single cells.
Rotifers are typically free-swimming or planktonic organisms, but the toes or extensions of the foot can secrete a sticky material to help them adhere to surfaces.
The head contains a number of eyespots and a bilobed "brain," with nerves extending into the body.
Species from the class Bdelloidea are characterized by a large corona.
The whole animals in the center of this scanning electron micrograph are shown surrounded by several sets of jaws from the mastax of rotifers.
Polyarthra, from the largest rotifer class Monogononta, has a smaller corona than bdelloid rotifers, and a single gonad, which give the class its name.
Polyarthra, from the largest rotifer class Monogononta, has a smaller corona than bdelloid rotifers.
Rotifers are commonly found in freshwater and some saltwater environments throughout the world.
As filter feeders, they will eat dead material, algae, and other microscopic living organisms, and are therefore very important components of aquatic food webs.
As filter feeders, they will eat dead material, algae.
A rotifer's food is directed toward the mouth by the current created from the movement of the coronal cilia.
The food particles enter the mouth and travel first to the mastax—a muscular pharynx with toothy jaw-like structures.
Masticated food passes near digestive and salivary glands, into the stomach, and then to the intestines.
Masticated food passes near digestive and salivary glands, into the stomach.
Digestive and excretory wastes are collected in a cloacal bladder before being released out the anus.
Some rotifers are dioecious organisms and exhibit sexual dimorphism.
In many dioecious species, males are short-lived and smaller with no digestive system and a single testis.
The bdelloids may compensate for this genetic insularity by borrowing genes from the DNA of other species.
Some rotifer eggs are capable of extended dormancy for protection during harsh environmental conditions.
This illustration shows the anatomy of a bdelloid rotifer.
The Nemertea are colloquially known as ribbon worms or proboscis worms.
Most species of phylum Nemertea are marine and predominantly benthic, with an estimated 900 known species.
However, nemerteans have been recorded in freshwater and very damp terrestrial habitats as well.
Most nemerteans are carnivores, feeding on worms, clams, and crustaceans.
Most nemerteans are carnivores, feeding on worms, clams.
Some species are scavengers, and some, like Malacobdella grossa, have also evolved commensal relationships with mollusks.
Some species are scavengers.
some, like Malacobdella grossa, have also evolved commensal relationships with mollusks.
Economically important species have at times devastated commercial fishing of clams and crabs.
Nemerteans have almost no predators and two species are sold as fish bait.
Morphology Nemerteans vary in size from 1 cm to several meters.
They show bilateral symmetry and remarkable contractile properties.
Because of their contractility, they can change their morphological presentation in response to environmental cues.
Animals in phylum Nemertea are soft and unsegmented animals, with a morphology like a flattened tube.
The proboscis worm is a scavenger that combs the sea floor for food.
The species is a member of the phylum Nemertea.
The specimen shown here was photographed in the Ross Sea, Antarctica.
A unique characteristic of this phylum is the presence of an eversible proboscis enclosed in a pocket called a rhynchocoel.
The proboscis is located dorsal to the gut and serves as a harpoon or tentacle for food capture.
In some species it is ornamented with barbs.
The proboscis may be extended by hydrostatic pressure generated by contraction of muscle of the rhynchocoel and retracted by a retractor muscle attached to the rear wall of the rhynchocoel.
Digestive System The nemerteans, which are primarily predators of annelids and crustaceans, have a well-developed digestive system.
A mouth opening that is ventral to the rhynchocoel leads into the foregut, followed by the intestine.
The intestine is present in the form of diverticular pouches and ends in a rectum that opens via an anus.
Gonads are interspersed with the intestinal diverticular pouches and open outward via genital pores.
Nemerteans are sometimes classified as acoels, but because their closed circulatory system is derived from the coelomic cavity of the embryo, they may be regarded as coelomic.
Their circulatory system consists of a closed loop formed by a connected pair of lateral blood vessels.
Some species may also have a dorsal vessel or cross- connecting vessels in addition to lateral ones.
Although the circulatory fluid contains cells, it is often colorless.
The blood vessels are contractile, although there is usually no regular circulatory pathway, and movement of blood is also facilitated by the contraction of muscles in the body wall.
The blood vessels are contractile, although there is usually no regular circulatory pathway.
movement of blood is also facilitated by the contraction of muscles in the body wall.
Gaseous exchange occurs through the skin.
Nervous System Nemerteans have a "brain" composed of four ganglia situated at the anterior end, around the rhynchocoel.
Paired longitudinal nerve cords emerge from the brain ganglia and extend to the posterior end.
Additional nerve cords are found in some species.
Interestingly, the brain can contain hemoglobin, which acts as an oxygen reserve.
Ocelli or eyespots are present in pairs, in multiples of two in the anterior portion of the body.
It is speculated that the eyespots originate from neural tissue and not from the epidermis.
Reproduction Nemerteans, like flatworms, have excellent powers of regeneration, and asexual reproduction by fragmentation is seen in some species.
Reproduction Nemerteans, like flatworms, have excellent powers of regeneration.
asexual reproduction by fragmentation is seen in some species.
Most animals in phylum Nemertea are dioecious, although freshwater species may be hermaphroditic.
Stem cells that become gametes aggregate within gonads placed along the digestive tract.
Eggs and sperm are released into the water, and fertilization occurs externally.
Eggs and sperm are released into the water.
fertilization occurs externally.
The annelids and the mollusks are the most familiar of the lophotrochozoan protostomes.
They are also more "typical" lophotrochozoans, since both groups include aquatic species with trochophore larvae, which unite both taxa in common ancestry.
These phyla show how a flexible body plan can lead to biological success in terms of abundance and species diversity.
The phylum Mollusca has the second greatest number of species of all animal phyla with nearly 100,000 described extant species, and about 80,000 described extinct species.
The phylum Mollusca has the second greatest number of species of all animal phyla with nearly 100,000 described extant species.
Phylum Mollusca The name "Mollusca" means "soft" body, since the earliest descriptions of mollusks came from observations of "squishy," unshelled cuttlefish.
Molluscs are predominantly a marine group of animals; however, they are also known to inhabit freshwater as well as terrestrial habitats.
Molluscs are predominantly a marine group of animals.
however, they are also known to inhabit freshwater as well as terrestrial habitats.
This enormous phylum includes chitons, tusk shells, snails, slugs, nudibranchs, sea butterflies, clams, mussels, oysters, squids, octopuses, and nautiluses.
This enormous phylum includes chitons, tusk shells, snails, slugs, nudibranchs, sea butterflies, clams, mussels, oysters, squids, octopuses.
The chief locomotor structure is usually a muscular foot.
Most internal organs are contained in a region called the visceral mass.
Finally, the mantle secretes a calcium-carbonate-hardened shell in most mollusks, although this is greatly reduced in the class Cephalopoda, which contains the octopuses and squids.
There are many species and variations of mollusks; this illustration shows the anatomy of an aquatic gastropod.
this illustration shows the anatomy of an aquatic gastropod.
In a terrestrial gastropod, the mantle cavity itself would serve as a respiratory organ.
Most mollusks have a radula for grinding food.
A digestive gland is connected to the stomach.
The digestive system includes a gizzard, a stomach, a digestive gland, and the intestine.
The digestive system includes a gizzard, a stomach, a digestive gland.
The muscular foot is the ventral-most organ, whereas the mantle is the limiting dorsal organ that folds over the visceral mass.
The muscular foot is the ventral-most organ.
the mantle is the limiting dorsal organ that folds over the visceral mass.
The foot, which is used for locomotion and anchorage, varies in shape and function, depending on the type of mollusk under study.
In shelled mollusks, the foot is usually the same size as the opening of the shell.
The foot is both retractable and extendable.
The visceral mass is present above the foot, in the visceral hump.
This mass contains digestive, nervous, excretory, reproductive, and respiratory systems.
This mass contains digestive, nervous, excretory, reproductive.
Molluscan species that are exclusively aquatic have gills that extend into the mantle cavity, whereas some terrestrial species have "lungs" formed from the lining of the mantle cavity.
Molluscan species that are exclusively aquatic have gills that extend into the mantle cavity.
some terrestrial species have "lungs" formed from the lining of the mantle cavity.
Mollusks are schizocoelous eucoelomates, but the coelomic cavity in adult animals has been largely reduced to a cavity around the heart.
However, a reduced coelom sometimes surrounds the gonads, part of the kidneys, and intestine as well.
However, a reduced coelom sometimes surrounds the gonads, part of the kidneys.
This overall coelomic reduction makes the mantle cavity the major internal body chamber.
Most mollusks have a special rasp-like organ, the radula, which bears chitinous filelike teeth.
The radula is present in all groups except the bivalves, and serves to shred or scrape food before it enters the digestive tract.
The radula is present in all groups except the bivalves.
Most mollusks are dioecious animals and fertilization occurs externally, although this is not the case in terrestrial mollusks, such as snails and slugs, or in cephalopods.
Most mollusks are dioecious animals and fertilization occurs externally, although this is not the case in terrestrial mollusks, such as snails and slugs.
In some species, the trochophore may be followed by additional larval stages, such as a veliger larvae, before the final metamorphosis to the adult form.
Most cephalopods develop directly into small versions of their adult form.
This variability is a consequence of modification of the basic body regions, especially the foot and mantle.
The phylum is organized into eight classes: Caudofoveata, Solenogastres, Monoplacophora, Polyplacophora, Gastropoda, Cephalopoda, Bivalvia, and Scaphopoda.
The phylum is organized into eight classes: Caudofoveata, Solenogastres, Monoplacophora, Polyplacophora, Gastropoda, Cephalopoda, Bivalvia.
Although each molluscan class appears to be monophyletic, their relationship to one another is unclear and still being reviewed.
Both the Caudofoveata and the Solenogastres include shell-less, worm-like animals primarily found in benthic marine habitats.
Although these animals lack a calcareous shell, they get some protection from calcareous spicules embedded in a cuticle that covers their epidermis.
both groups lack eyes, tentacles.
The Caudofoveata possess a radula, but the Solenogastres do not have a radula or gills.
The foot is also reduced in the Solenogastres and absent from the Caudofoveata.
Long thought to be extinct, the first living specimens of Monoplacophora, Neopilina galatheae, were discovered in 1952 on the ocean bottom near the west coast of Costa Rica.
Members of class Monoplacophora possess a single, cap-like shell that covers the dorsal body.
The morphology of the shell and the underlying animal can vary from circular to ovate.
They have a simple radula, a looped digestive system, multiple pairs of excretory organs, and a pair of gonads.
They have a simple radula, a looped digestive system, multiple pairs of excretory organs.
Multiple gills are located between the foot and the edge of the mantle.
These animals have a broad, ventral foot that is adapted for suction onto rocks and other substrates, and a mantle that extends beyond the edge of the shell.
These animals have a broad, ventral foot that is adapted for suction onto rocks and other substrates.
Calcareous spines on the exposed mantle edge provide protection from predators.
Respiration is facilitated by multiple pairs of gills in the mantle cavity.
The radula, which has teeth composed of an ultra-hard magnetite, is used to scrape food organisms off rocky surfaces.
The nervous system is rudimentary with only buccal or "cheek" ganglia present at the anterior end.
Multiple tiny sensory structures, including photosensors, extend from the mantle into channels in the upper layer of the shell.
Another sensory structure under the radula is used to sample the feeding environment.
A single pair of nephridia is used for the excretion of nitrogenous wastes.
This chiton from the class Polyplacaphora has the eight-plated shell for which its class is named.
Class Bivalvia includes clams, oysters, mussels, scallops, geoducks, and shipworms.
Class Bivalvia includes clams, oysters, mussels, scallops, geoducks.
Some bivalves are almost microscopic, while others, in the genus Tridacna, may be one meter in length and weigh 225 kilograms.
Some bivalves are almost microscopic.
others, in the genus Tridacna, may be one meter in length and weigh 225 kilograms.
Members of this class are found in marine as well as freshwater habitats.
The overall body of the bivalve is laterally flattened; the foot is wedge-shaped; and the head region is poorly developed.
The overall body of the bivalve is laterally flattened.
the foot is wedge-shaped.
and the head region is poorly developed.
Bivalves are filter-feeders, and a radula is absent in this class of mollusks.
Bivalves are filter-feeders.
a radula is absent in this class of mollusks.
intake by the incurrent siphon, food particles are captured by the paired posterior gills and then carried by the movement of cilia forward to the mouth.
Excretion and osmoregulation are performed by a pair of nephridia.
Eyespots and other sensory structures are located along the edge of the mantle in some species.
Three pairs of connected ganglia regulate activity of different body structures.
These mussels, found in the intertidal zone in Cornwall, England, show the bivalve shell.
The scallop Argopecten irradians has a fluted shell and conspicuous eyespots.
Some bivalves, like oysters and mussels, possess the unique ability to secrete and deposit a calcareous nacre or "mother of pearl" around foreign particles that may enter the mantle cavity.
This property has been commercially exploited to produce pearls.
More than half of molluscan species are in the class Gastropoda, which includes well-known mollusks like snails, slugs, conchs, cowries, limpets, and whelks.
More than half of molluscan species are in the class Gastropoda, which includes well-known mollusks like snails, slugs, conchs, cowries, limpets.
Aquatic gastropods include both marine and freshwater species, and all terrestrial mollusks are gastropods.
Aquatic gastropods include both marine and freshwater species.
all terrestrial mollusks are gastropods.
Gastropoda includes shell-bearing species as well as species without shells.
Shells may be planospiral, commonly seen in garden snails, or conispiral,, commonly seen in marine conches.
Shells may be planospiral, commonly seen in garden snails.
conispiral,, commonly seen in marine conches.
Cowrie shells have a polished surface because the mantle extends up over the top of the shell as it is secreted.
Snails and slugs are both gastropods, but slugs lack a shell.
A key characteristic of some gastropods is the embryonic development of torsion.
The left gill, kidney, and heart atrium are now on the right side, whereas the original right gill, kidney, and heart atrium are on the left side.
heart atrium are now on the right side, whereas the original right gill, kidney.
heart atrium are on the left side.
The left gill, kidney, and heart atrium are now on the right side.
the original right gill, kidney, and heart atrium are on the left side.
The strange arrangement that results from torsion poses a serious sanitation problem by creating the possibility of wastes being washed back over the gills, causing fouling.
Gastropods also have a foot that is modified for crawling.
Most gastropods have a well-defined head with tentacles and eyes.
A complex radula is used to scrape up food particles.
In aquatic gastropods, the mantle cavity encloses the gills, but in land gastropods, the mantle itself is the major respiratory structure, acting as a kind of lung.
Nephridia are also found in the mantle cavity.
As a result, the anus of the adult animal is located over the head.
Although torsion is always counterclockwise, the shell may coil in either direction.
Conotoxins can bring about paralysis in humans, indicating that this toxin attacks neurological targets.
Some conotoxins have been shown to block neuronal ion channels.
These findings have led researchers to study conotoxins for possible medical applications.
Conotoxins are an exciting area of potential pharmacological development, since these peptides may be possibly modified and used in specific medical conditions to inhibit the activity of specific neurons.
For example, conotoxins or modifications of them may be used to induce paralysis in muscles in specific health applications, similar to the use of botulinum toxin.
Most research to date has focused on their use to treat neurological diseases.
They have also shown some efficacy in relieving chronic pain, and the pain associated with conditions like sciatica and shingles.
They have also shown some efficacy in relieving chronic pain.
The study and use of biotoxins—toxins derived from living organisms—are an excellent example of the application of biological science to modern medicine.
Members of the genus Conus produce neurotoxins that may one day have medical uses.
The tube above the eyes is a siphon used both to circulate water over the gills and to sample the water for chemical evidence of prey nearby.
The proboscis, through which the venomous harpoon is projected, is located between the eyes.
Class Cephalopoda, includes octopuses, squids, cuttlefish, and nautiluses.
Class Cephalopoda, includes octopuses, squids, cuttlefish.
Cephalopods include both animals with shells as well as animals in which the shell is reduced or absent.
In the shell-bearing Nautilus, the spiral shell is multi-chambered.
These chambers are filled with gas or water to regulate buoyancy.
A siphuncle runs through the chambers, and it is this tube that regulates the amount of water and gases present in the chambers.
A siphuncle runs through the chambers.
it is this tube that regulates the amount of water and gases present in the chambers.
Ammonites and other nautiloid shells are commonly seen in the fossil record.
Cephalopods can display vivid and rapidly changing coloration, almost like flashing neon signs.
Typically these flashing displays are seen in squids and octopuses, where they may be used for camouflage and possibly as signals for mating displays.
We should note, however, that researchers are not entirely sure if squid can actually see color, or see color in the same way as we do.
We should note, however, that researchers are not entirely sure if squid can actually see color.
We know that pigments in the skin are contained in special pigment cells, which can expand or contract to produce different color patterns.
All animals in this class are carnivorous predators and have beak-like jaws in addition to the radula.
Cephalopods include the most intelligent of the mollusks, and have a well-developed nervous system along with image-forming eyes.
Cephalopods include the most intelligent of the mollusks.
Unlike other mollusks, they have a closed circulatory system, in which the blood is entirely contained in vessels rather than in a hemocoel.
Suckers with chitinized rings are present on the arms and tentacles of octopuses and squid.
Siphons are well developed and the expulsion of water is used as their primary mode of locomotion, which resembles jet propulsion.
Gills are attached to the wall of the mantle cavity and are serviced by large blood vessels, each with its own heart.
A pair of nephridia is present within the mantle cavity for water balance and excretion of nitrogenous wastes.
Cephalopods such as squids and octopuses also produce sepia or a dark ink, which contains melanin.
The ink gland is located between the gills and can be released into the excurrent water stream.
Cephalopods are dioecious.
Members of a species mate, and the female then lays the eggs in a secluded and protected niche.
the female then lays the eggs in a secluded and protected niche.
Females of some species care for the eggs for an extended period of time and may end up dying during that time period.
While most other aquatic mollusks produce trochophore larvae, cephalopod eggs develop directly into a juvenile without an intervening larval stage.
The nautilus, giant cuttlefish, reef squid, and blue-ring octopus are all members of the class Cephalopoda.
blue-ring octopus are all members of the class Cephalopoda.
Scaphopods are usually buried in sand with the anterior opening exposed to water.
These animals have a single conical shell, which is open on both ends.
The head is not well developed, but the mouth, containing a radula, opens among a group of tentacles that terminate in ciliated bulbs used to catch and manipulate prey.
Scaphopods also have a foot similar to that seen in bivalves.
Ctenidia are absent in these animals; the mantle cavity forms a tube open at both ends and serves as the respiratory structure in these animals.
Ctenidia are absent in these animals.
the mantle cavity forms a tube open at both ends and serves as the respiratory structure in these animals.
Phylum Annelida Phylum Annelida comprises the true, segmented worms.
freshwater habitats, but the presence of water or humidity is a critical factor for their survival in terrestrial habitats.
The annelids are often called "segmented worms" due to their key characteristic of metamerism, or true segmentation.
The annelids are often called "segmented worms" due to their key characteristic of metamerism.
Approximately 22,000 species have been described in phylum Annelida, which includes polychaete worms, and oligochaetes.
Approximately 22,000 species have been described in phylum Annelida, which includes polychaete worms.
Morphology Annelids display bilateral symmetry and are worm-like in overall morphology.
The name of the phylum is derived from the Latin word annulus, which means a small ring, an apt description of the ring-like segmentation of the body.
Annelids have a body plan with metameric segmentation, in which several internal and external morphological features are repeated in each body segment.
Metamerism allows animals to become bigger by adding "compartments," while making their movement more efficient.
The overall body can be divided into head, body, and pygidium.
The overall body can be divided into head, body.
During development, the segments behind the head arise sequentially from a growth region anterior to the pygidium, a pattern called teloblastic growth.
The clitellum, seen here as a protruding segment with different coloration than the rest of the body, is a structure that aids in oligochaete reproduction.
Anatomy The epidermis is protected by a collagenous, external cuticle, which is much thinner than the cuticle found in the ecdysozoans and does not require periodic shedding for growth.
Chitinous bristles called setae are anchored in the epidermis, each with its own muscle.
In the polychaetes, the setae are borne on paired appendages called parapodia.
Most annelids have a well-developed and complete digestive system.
Feeding mechanisms vary widely across the phylum.
Some polychaetes are filter-feeders that use feather-like appendages to collect small organisms.
Others have tentacles, jaws, or an eversible pharynx to capture prey.
Others have tentacles, jaws.
Earthworms collect small organisms from soil as they burrow through it, and most leeches are blood-feeders armed with teeth or a muscular proboscis.
Earthworms collect small organisms from soil as they burrow through it.
most leeches are blood-feeders armed with teeth or a muscular proboscis.
In earthworms, the digestive tract includes a mouth, muscular pharynx, esophagus, crop, and muscular gizzard.
In earthworms, the digestive tract includes a mouth, muscular pharynx, esophagus, crop.
The gizzard leads to the intestine, which ends in an anal opening in the terminal segment.
Most annelids possess a closed circulatory system of dorsal and ventral blood vessels that run parallel to the alimentary canal as well as capillaries that service individual tissues.
In addition, the dorsal and ventral vessels are connected by transverse loops in every segment.
Some polychaetes and leeches have an open system in which the major blood vessels open into a hemocoel.
In many species, the blood contains hemoglobin, but not contained in cells.
Annelids lack a well-developed respiratory system, and gas exchange occurs across the moist body surface.
Annelids lack a well-developed respiratory system.
gas exchange occurs across the moist body surface.
In the polychaetes, the parapodia are highly vascular and serve as respiratory structures.
The nerve cord is ventral in position and bears enlarged nodes or ganglia in each segment.
This schematic drawing shows the basic anatomy of annelids in a cross-sectional view.
Annelids may be either monoecious with permanent gonads or dioecious with temporary or seasonal gonads.
However, cross-fertilization is preferred even in hermaphroditic animals.
Earthworms may show simultaneous mutual fertilization when they are aligned for copulation.
Some leeches change their sex over their reproductive lifetimes.
In most polychaetes, fertilization is external and development includes a trochophore larva, which then metamorphizes to the adult form.
In oligochaetes, fertilization is typically internal and the fertilized eggs develop in a cocoon produced by the clitellum; development is direct.
In oligochaetes, fertilization is typically internal and the fertilized eggs develop in a cocoon produced by the clitellum.
development is direct.
Polychaetes are excellent regenerators and some even reproduce asexually by budding or fragmentation.
LINK TO LEARNING This combination video and animation provides a close-up look at annelid anatomy.
Classification of Phylum Annelida Phylum Annelida contains the class Polychaeta and the class Oligochaeta.
The earthworms and the leeches form a monophyletic clade within the polychaetes, which are therefore paraphyletic as a group.
more than half of these are marine polychaetes.
In the polychaetes, bristles are arranged in clusters on their parapodia—fleshy, flat, paired appendages that protrude from each segment.
Many polychaetes use their parapodia to crawl along the sea floor, but others are adapted for swimming or floating.
Some are sessile, living in tubes.
Some polychaetes live near hydrothermal vents.
These deepwater tubeworms have no digestive tract, but have a symbiotic relationship with bacteria living in their bodies.
Their use goes back thousands of years.
These animals produce a seasonal clitellum, unlike the permanent clitellum of other oligochaetes.
Additionally, in leeches, the segmentation of the body wall may not correspond to the internal segmentation of the coelomic cavity.
The earthworm, leech, and featherduster are all annelids.
featherduster are all annelids.
The earthworm and leech are oligochaetes, while the featherduster worm is a tube-dwelling filter-feeding polychaete.
The earthworm and leech are oligochaetes.
the featherduster worm is a tube-dwelling filter-feeding polychaete.
The superphylum Ecdysozoa contains an incredibly large number of species.
The most prominent distinguishing feature of ecdysozoans is the cuticle—a tough, but flexible exoskeleton that protects these animals from water loss, predators, and other dangers of the external environment.
The most prominent distinguishing feature of ecdysozoans is the cuticle—a tough, but flexible exoskeleton that protects these animals from water loss, predators.
One small phylum within the Ecdysozoa, with exceptional resistance to desiccation and other environmental hazards, is the Tardigrada.
The nematodes, tardigrades, and arthropods all belong to the superphylum Ecdysozoa, which is believed to be monophyletic—a clade consisting of all evolutionary descendants from one common ancestor.
All members of this superphylum periodically go through a molting process that culminates in ecdysis—the actual shedding of the old exoskeleton.
During the molting process, old cuticle is replaced by a new cuticle, which is secreted beneath it, and which will last until the next growth period.
During the molting process, old cuticle is replaced by a new cuticle, which is secreted beneath it.
which will last until the next growth period.
Phylum Nematoda The Nematoda, like other members of the superphylum Ecdysozoa, are triploblastic and possess an embryonic mesoderm that is sandwiched between the ectoderm and endoderm.
They are also bilaterally symmetrical, meaning that a longitudinal section will divide them into right and left sides that are superficially symmetrical.
In contrast with flatworms, nematodes are pseudocoelomates and show a tubular morphology and circular cross-section.
Nematodes include both free-living and parasitic forms.
The phylum Nematoda includes more than 28,000 species with an estimated 16,000 being parasitic in nature.
However, nematologists believe there may be over one million unclassified species.
Nematodes are present in all habitats, typically with each species occurring in great abundance.
The free-living nematode, Caenorhabditis elegans, has been extensively used as a model system for many different avenues of biological inquiry in laboratories all over the world.
These animals have a complete digestive system with a distinct mouth and anus, whereas only one opening is present in the digestive tract of flatworms.
These animals have a complete digestive system with a distinct mouth and anus.
only one opening is present in the digestive tract of flatworms.
The mouth opens into a muscular pharynx and intestine, which leads to a rectum and anal opening at the posterior end.
The epidermis can be either a single layer of cells or a syncytium—a multinucleated tissue that in this case is formed by the fusion of many single cells.
The cuticle of nematodes is rich in collagen and a polymer called chitin, which forms a protective armor outside the epidermis.
The cuticle extends into both ends of the digestive tract, the pharynx, and rectum.
The cuticle extends into both ends of the digestive tract, the pharynx.
In the head, an anterior mouth opening is composed of three "lips" as well as teeth derived from the cuticle.
Some nematodes may present other modifications of the cuticle such as rings, head shields, or warts.
Some nematodes may present other modifications of the cuticle such as rings, head shields.
These external rings, however, do not reflect true internal body segmentation, which as we have seen is a hallmark of phylum Annelida.
A schematic representation shows the anatomy of a typical nematode.
Excretory System In nematodes, specialized excretory systems are not well developed.
Nitrogenous wastes, largely in the form of ammonia, are released directly across the body wall.
In marine nematodes, the excretory cells are called renette cells, which are unique to nematodes.
The ventral nerve cord is better developed than the dorsal and lateral cords.
A similar fusion forms a posterior ganglion at the tail.
Reproduction Nematodes employ a variety of reproductive strategies ranging from monoecious to dioecious to parthenogenetic, depending upon the species.
C. elegans is a mostly monoecious species with both self-fertilizing hermaphrodites and some males.
Ova are contained in a uterus and amoeboid sperm are contained in a spermatheca.
The uterus has an external opening known as the vulva.
The female genital pore is near the middle of the body, whereas the male genital pore is nearer to the tip.
The female genital pore is near the middle of the body.
the male genital pore is nearer to the tip.
Fertilization is internal, and embryonic development starts very soon after fertilization.
Fertilization is internal.
embryonic development starts very soon after fertilization.
The embryo is released from the vulva during the gastrulation stage.
Adverse environmental conditions such as overcrowding or lack of food can result in the formation of an intermediate larval stage known as the dauer larva.
An unusual feature of some nematodes is eutely: the body of a given species contains a specific number of cells as the consequence of a rigid developmental pathway.
However, they might only need one subject of study: Caenorhabditis elegans.
The nematode C. elegans was brought into the focus of mainstream biological research by Dr. Sydney Brenner.
Since 1963, Dr. Brenner and scientists worldwide have used this animal as a model system to study many different physiological and developmental mechanisms.
C. elegans is a free-living nematode found in soil.
The biggest asset of this nematode is its transparency, which helps researchers to observe and monitor changes within the animal with ease.
It is also a simple organism with about 1,000 cells and a genome of only 20,000 genes.
Its chromosomes are organized into five pairs of autosomes plus a pair of sex chromosomes, making it an ideal candidate with which to study genetics.
Since every cell can be visualized and identified, this organism is useful for studying cellular phenomena like cell-to-cell interactions, cell-fate determinations, cell division, apoptosis, and intracellular transport.
Since every cell can be visualized and identified, this organism is useful for studying cellular phenomena like cell-to-cell interactions, cell-fate determinations, cell division, apoptosis.
It takes only three days to achieve the "egg to adult to daughter egg"; therefore, the developmental consequences of genetic changes can be quickly identified.
It takes only three days to achieve the "egg to adult to daughter egg".
therefore, the developmental consequences of genetic changes can be quickly identified.
The total life span of C. elegans is two to three weeks; hence, age-related phenomena are also easy to observe.
The total life span of C. elegans is two to three weeks.
hence, age-related phenomena are also easy to observe.
However, anatomical males are relatively infrequently obtained from matings between hermaphrodites, since their XO chromosome composition requires meiotic nondisjunction when both parents are XX.
Another feature that makes C. elegans an excellent experimental model is that the position and number of the 959 cells present in adult hermaphrodites of this organism is constant.
This feature is extremely significant when studying cell differentiation, cell-to-cell communication, and apoptosis.
This feature is extremely significant when studying cell differentiation, cell-to-cell communication.
Lastly, C. elegans is also amenable to genetic manipulations using molecular methods, rounding off its usefulness as a model system.
Biologists worldwide have created information banks and groups dedicated to research using C. elegans.
In recent years, studies of the cilia in C. elegans have enlightened the medical community with a better understanding of polycystic kidney disease.
This simple organism has led biologists to complex and significant findings, growing the field of science in ways that touch the everyday world.
This light micrograph shows the bodies of a group of roundworms.
These hermaphrodites consist of exactly 959 cells.
The life cycle of C. elegans has four juvenile stages and an adult stage.
Parasitic Nematodes A number of common parasitic nematodes serve as prime examples of parasitism.
These economically and medically important animals exhibit complex life cycles that often involve multiple hosts, and they can have significant medical and veterinary impacts.
These economically and medically important animals exhibit complex life cycles that often involve multiple hosts.
they can have significant medical and veterinary impacts.
Trichina worms are the causal organism of trichinosis in humans, often resulting from the consumption of undercooked pork; Trichinella can infect other mammalian hosts as well.
Trichina worms are the causal organism of trichinosis in humans, often resulting from the consumption of undercooked pork.
Trichinella can infect other mammalian hosts as well.
Ascaris, a large intestinal roundworm, steals nutrition from its human host and may create physical blockage of the intestines.
The filarial worms, such as Dirofilaria and Wuchereria, are commonly vectored by mosquitoes, which pass the infective agents among mammals through their blood-sucking activity.
One species, Wuchereria bancrofti, infects the lymph nodes of over 120 million people worldwide, usually producing a non-lethal but deforming condition called elephantiasis.
In this disease, parts of the body often swell to gigantic proportions due to obstruction of lymphatic drainage, inflammation of lymphatic tissues, and resulting edema.
In this disease, parts of the body often swell to gigantic proportions due to obstruction of lymphatic drainage, inflammation of lymphatic tissues.
Dirofilaria immitis, a blood-infective parasite, is the notorious dog heartworm species.
The guinea worm Dracunculus medinensis infects about 3.5 million people annually, mostly in Africa.
Here, the worm is wrapped around a stick so it can be slowly extracted.
The tardigrades comprise a phylum of inconspicuous little animals living in marine, freshwater, or damp terrestrial environments throughout the world.
The tardigrades comprise a phylum of inconspicuous little animals living in marine, freshwater.
They are commonly called "water bears" because of their plump bodies and the large claws on their stubby legs.
They can suspend their metabolic activity for years, and survive the loss of up to 99% of their water content.
They can suspend their metabolic activity for years.
Their remarkable resistance has recently been attributed to unique proteins that replace water in their cells and protect their internal cell structure and their DNA from damage.
Morphology and Physiology Tardigrades have cylindrical bodies, with four pairs of legs terminating in a number of claws.
The cuticle is periodically shed, including the cuticular covering of the claws.
The first three pairs of legs are used for walking, and the posterior pair for clinging to the substrate.
The first three pairs of legs are used for walking.
A circular mouth leads to a muscular pharynx and salivary glands.
Tardigrades feed on plants, algae, or small animals.
Tardigrades feed on plants, algae.
Plant cells are pierced with a chitinous stylet and the cellular contents are then sucked into the gut by the muscular pharynx.
Bands of single muscle cells are attached to the various points of the epidermis and extend into the legs to provide ambulatory movement.
The major body cavity is a hemocoel, but there are no specialized circulatory structures for moving the blood, nor are there specialized respiratory structures.
A dorsal brain is connected to a ventral nerve cord with segmental ganglia associated with the appendages.
Sensory structures are greatly reduced, but there is a pair of simple eyespots on the head, and sensory cilia or bristles concentrated toward the head end of the animal.
Sensory structures are greatly reduced, but there is a pair of simple eyespots on the head.
sensory cilia or bristles concentrated toward the head end of the animal.
Reproduction Most tardigrades are dioecious, and males and females each have a single gonad.
Reproduction Most tardigrades are dioecious.
males and females each have a single gonad.
Mating usually occurs at the time of a molt and fertilization is external.
Eggs may be deposited in a molted cuticle or attached to other objects.
Development is direct, and the animal may molt a dozen times during its lifetime.
the animal may molt a dozen times during its lifetime.
In tardigrades, like nematodes, development produces a fixed number of cells, with the actual number of cells being dependent on the species.
Further growth occurs by enlarging the cells, not by multiplying them.
The superphylum Ecdysozoa also includes the phylum Arthropoda, one of the most successful clades of animals on the planet.
Arthropods are coelomate organisms characterized by a sturdy chitinous exoskeleton and jointed appendages.
systematists believe that there are millions of species awaiting proper classification.
Like other Ecdysozoa, all arthropods periodically go through the physiological process of molting, followed by ecdysis, as they grow.
Arthropods are eucoelomate, protostomic organisms, often with incredibly complicated life cycles.
The name aptly describes the invertebrates included in this phylum.
In effect, life on Earth could conceivably be called the Age of Arthropods beginning nearly 500 million years ago.
The principal characteristics of all the animals in this phylum are the structural and functional segmentation of the body and the presence of jointed appendages.
Arthropods have an exoskeleton made principally of chitin—a waterproof, tough polysaccharide composed of N-acetylglucosamine.
Phylum Arthropoda is the most speciose clade in the animal world, and insects form the single largest class within this phylum.
Phylum Arthropoda is the most speciose clade in the animal world.
insects form the single largest class within this phylum.
Phylum Arthropoda includes animals that have been successful in colonizing terrestrial, aquatic, and aerial habitats.
Phylum Arthropoda includes animals that have been successful in colonizing terrestrial, aquatic.
Trilobites, an extinct group of arthropods found chiefly during the Cambrian Era, are probably most closely related to the Chelicerata.
Trilobites, like the one in this fossil, are an extinct group of arthropods.
Their name "trilobite" refers to the three longitudinal lobes making up the body: right pleural lobe, axial lobe, and left pleural lobe.
Their name "trilobite" refers to the three longitudinal lobes making up the body: right pleural lobe, axial lobe.
Morphology Characteristic features of the arthropods include the presence of jointed appendages, body segmentation, and chitinized exoskeleton.
Morphology Characteristic features of the arthropods include the presence of jointed appendages, body segmentation.
Fusion of adjacent groups of segments gave rise to functional body regions called tagmata.
Tagmata may be in the form of a head, thorax, and abdomen, or a cephalothorax and abdomen, or a head and trunk, depending on the taxon.
Tagmata may be in the form of a head, thorax.
Tagmata may be in the form of a head, thorax, and abdomen.
The nervous system tends to be distributed among the segments, with larger ganglia in segments with sensory structures or appendages.
The ganglia are connected by a ventral nerve cord.
Respiratory systems vary depending on the group of arthropod.
Insects and myriapods use a series of tubes that branch through the body, ending in minute tracheoles.
These fine respiratory tubes perform gas exchange directly between the air and cells within the organism.
We should note that these tracheal systems of ventilation have evolved independently in hexapods, myriapods, and arachnids.
We should note that these tracheal systems of ventilation have evolved independently in hexapods, myriapods.
However, although there are insects that live on the surface of marine environments, none is strictly marine—meaning that they complete their entire metamorphosis in salt water.
The book lungs of arachnids contain a vertical stack of hemocoel wall tissue that somewhat resembles the pages of a book.
This allows both sides of the tissue to be in contact with the air at all times, greatly increasing the efficiency of gas exchange.
The gills of crustaceans are filamentous structures that exchange gases with the surrounding water.
The cuticle is the hard "covering" of an arthropod.
The procuticle is not only flexible and lightweight, but also provides protection against dehydration and other biological and physical stresses.
In some cases, such as lobsters, the amount of calcium salt deposited within the chitin is extreme.
In order to grow, the arthropod must "shed" the exoskeleton during the physiological process called molting, following by the actual stripping of the outer cuticle, called ecdysis.
The characteristic morphology of representative animals from each subphylum is described below.
The book lungs of arachnids are made up of alternating air pockets and hemocoel tissue shaped like a stack of books.
The book gills of chelicerates, horseshoe crabs, are similar to book lungs but are external so that gas exchange can occur with the surrounding water.
Subphylum Chelicerata This subphylum includes animals such as horseshoe crabs, sea spiders, spiders, mites, ticks, scorpions, whip scorpions, and harvestmen.
Subphylum Chelicerata This subphylum includes animals such as horseshoe crabs, sea spiders, spiders, mites, ticks, scorpions, whip scorpions.
Chelicerates are predominantly terrestrial, although some freshwater and marine species also exist.
An estimated 77,000 species of chelicerates can be found in almost all terrestrial habitats.
The body of chelicerates is divided into two tagmata: prosoma and opisthosoma, which are basically the equivalents of a cephalothorax and an abdomen.
The chelicerates have secondarily lost their antennae and hence do not have them.
Ovigers are used for grooming and by males to carry eggs.
Most chelicerates ingest food using a preoral cavity formed by the chelicerae and pedipalps.
Some chelicerates may secrete digestive enzymes to pre-digest food before ingesting it.
Parasitic chelicerates like ticks and mites have evolved blood-sucking apparatuses.
Members of this subphylum have an open circulatory system with a heart that pumps blood into the hemocoel.
Aquatic species, like horseshoe crabs, have gills, whereas terrestrial species have either tracheae or book lungs for gaseous exchange.
Aquatic species, like horseshoe crabs, have gills.
terrestrial species have either tracheae or book lungs for gaseous exchange.
Chelicerate hemolymph contains hemocyanin a copper- containing oxygen transport protein.
The trapdoor spider, like all spiders, is a member of the subphylum Chelicerata.
The nervous system in chelicerates consists of a brain and two ventral nerve cords.
Chelicerates are dioecious, meaning that the sexes are separate.
These animals use external fertilization as well as internal fertilization strategies for reproduction, depending upon the species and its habitat.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit this site to click through a lesson on arthropods, including interactive habitat maps, and more.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit this site to click through a lesson on arthropods, including interactive habitat maps.
Subphylum Myriapoda Subphylum Myriapoda comprises arthropods with numerous legs.
thousands of legs are present in these invertebrates, the number of legs typically varies from 10 to 750.
This subphylum includes 16,000 species; the most commonly found examples are millipedes and centipedes.
This subphylum includes 16,000 species.
the most commonly found examples are millipedes and centipedes.
Virtually all myriapods are terrestrial animals and prefer a humid environment.
Ancient myriapods from the Silurian to the Devonian grew up to 10 feet in length.
Myriapods are typically found in moist soils, decaying biological material, and leaf litter.
Myriapods are typically found in moist soils, decaying biological material.
Subphylum Myriapoda is divided into four classes: Chilopoda, Symphyla, Diplopoda, and Pauropoda.
Subphylum Myriapoda is divided into four classes: Chilopoda, Symphyla, Diplopoda.
These animals bear one pair of legs per segment, mandibles as mouthparts, and are somewhat dorsoventrally flattened.
These animals bear one pair of legs per segment, mandibles as mouthparts.
All centipedes are predators, and the legs in the first segment are modified to form forcipules that deliver poison to prey.
All centipedes are predators.
the legs in the first segment are modified to form forcipules that deliver poison to prey.
Symphyla are similar to centipedes, but lack the poison claws and are vegetarian.
Millipedes bear two pairs of legs per diplosegment—a feature that results from the embryonic fusion of adjacent pairs of body segments.
These arthropods are usually rounder in cross-section than centipedes, and are herbivores or detritivores.
These arthropods are usually rounder in cross-section than centipedes.
Millipedes feed on decomposing plant material, while centipedes are predatory and eat insects that they kill with their venom.
Millipedes feed on decomposing plant material.
centipedes are predatory and eat insects that they kill with their venom.
The Pauropods are similar to millipedes, but have fewer segments.
The centipede Scutigera coleoptrata has up to 15 pairs of legs.
The North American millipede Narceus americanus bears many legs, although not a thousand, as its name might suggest.
Subphylum Crustacea Crustaceans are the most dominant aquatic arthropods, with the total number of marine crustaceans standing at about 70,000 species.
Nonetheless, the number of terrestrial species in this subphylum is relatively low.
The crab and shrimp krill are both aquatic crustaceans.
The pill bug Armadillidium is a terrestrial crustacean.
Arthropods may have biramous appendages or uniramous appendages.
Crustaceans have a chitinous exoskeleton that is shed by molting and ecdysis whenever the animal requires an increase in size or the next stage of development.
The exoskeletons of many aquatic species are also infused with calcium carbonate, which makes them even stronger than those of other arthropods.
Crustaceans have an open circulatory system where blood is pumped into the hemocoel by the dorsally located heart.
Hemocyanin is the major respiratory pigment present in crustaceans, but hemoglobin is found in a few species and both are dissolved in the hemolymph rather than carried in cells.
The crayfish is an example of a crustacean.
It has a carapace around the cephalothorax and the heart in the dorsal thorax area.
As in the chelicerates, most crustaceans are dioecious.
However, some species like barnacles may be hermaphrodites.
Serial hermaphroditism, where the gonad can switch from producing sperm to ova, is also exhibited in some species.
Fertilized eggs may be held within the female of the species or may be released in the water.
Terrestrial crustaceans seek out damp spaces in their habitats to lay eggs.
Larval stages—nauplius or zoea—are seen in the early development of aquatic crustaceans.
All crustaceans go through different larval stages.
Crustaceans possess a brain formed by the fusion of the first three segmental ganglia, as well as two compound eyes.
A ventral nerve cord connects additional segmental ganglia.
Most crustaceans are carnivorous, but herbivorous and detritivorous species, and even endoparasitic species are known.
Most crustaceans are carnivorous, but herbivorous and detritivorous species.
Crustaceans may also be cannibalistic when extremely high populations of these organisms are present.
The insects comprise the largest clade of arthropods in terms of species diversity as well as in terms of biomass—at least in terrestrial habitats.
The name Hexapoda describes the presence of six legs in these animals, which differentiates them from other groups of arthropods that have different numbers of legs.
In some cases, however, the number of legs has been evolutionarily reduced, or the legs have been highly modified to accommodate specific conditions, such as endoparasitism.
In some cases, however, the number of legs has been evolutionarily reduced.
the legs have been highly modified to accommodate specific conditions, such as endoparasitism.
Hexapod bodies are organized into three tagmata: head, thorax, and abdomen.
Hexapod bodies are organized into three tagmata: head, thorax.
Individual segments of the head have mouthparts derived from jointed legs, and the thorax has three pairs of jointed appendages, and also wings, in most derived groups.
Individual segments of the head have mouthparts derived from jointed legs.
the thorax has three pairs of jointed appendages.
Appendages found on other body segments are also evolutionarily derived from modified legs.
The head also has one pair of sensory antennae, as well as sensory organs such as a pair of compound eyes, ocelli, and numerous sensory hairs.
The head also has one pair of sensory antennae, as well as sensory organs such as a pair of compound eyes, ocelli.
The abdomen usually has 11 segments and bears external reproductive apertures.
The subphylum Hexapoda includes some insects that are winged and others that are secondarily wingless.
The only order of "primitively wingless" insects is the Thysanura, the bristletails.
The evolution of wings is a major, unsolved mystery.
, and bats), the evolution of wings in insects is a what we call a de novo development that has given the pteryogotes domination over the Earth.
bats), the evolution of wings in insects is a what we call a de novo development that has given the pteryogotes domination over the Earth.
Winged insects existed over 425 million years ago, and by the Carboniferous, several orders of winged insects, most of which are now extinct, had evolved.
Winged insects existed over 425 million years ago.
All growth occurs during the juvenile stages.
Adults do not grow further after their final molt.
Variations in wing, leg, and mouthpart morphology all contribute to the enormous variety seen in the insects.
mouthpart morphology all contribute to the enormous variety seen in the insects.
Insect variability was also encouraged by their activity as pollinators and their coevolution with flowering plants.
Some insects, especially termites, ants, bees, and wasps, are eusocial, meaning that they live in large groups with individuals assigned to specific roles or castes, like queen, drone, and worker.
wasps, are eusocial, meaning that they live in large groups with individuals assigned to specific roles or castes, like queen, drone.
Social insects use pheromones—external chemical signals—to communicate and maintain group structure as well as a cohesive colony.
a. Insects have both dorsal and ventral blood vessels.
Insects have spiracles, openings that allow air to enter into the tracheal system.
The trachea is part of the digestive system.
Most insects have a well-developed digestive system with a mouth, crop, and intestine.
Most insects have a well-developed digestive system with a mouth, crop.
The phyla Echinodermata and Chordata both belong to the superphylum Deuterostomia.
they are named based on which opening of the archenteron develops first.
In protostomes, the first embryonic opening becomes the mouth, and the second opening becomes the anus.
In protostomes, the first embryonic opening becomes the mouth.
the second opening becomes the anus.
The archenteron develops into the alimentary canal, and a mouth opening is formed by invagination of ectoderm at the pole opposite the blastopore of the gastrula.
The archenteron develops into the alimentary canal.
a mouth opening is formed by invagination of ectoderm at the pole opposite the blastopore of the gastrula.
The deuterostomes consist of two major clades—the Chordata and the Ambulacraria.
The Chordata include the vertebrates and two invertebrate subphyla, the urochordates and the cephalochordates.
The two clades, in addition to being deuterostomes, have some other interesting features in common.
Phylum Echinodermata Echinodermata are named after their "prickly skin".
This phylum is a collection of about 7,000 described living species of exclusively marine, bottom- dwelling organisms.
Echinoderms have an endoskeleton made of calcareous ossicles, covered by the epidermis.
For this reason, it is an endoskeleton like our own, not an exoskeleton like that of arthropods.
The spines for which the echinoderms are named are connected to some of the plates.
The spines may be moved by small muscles, but they can also be locked into place for defense.
The endoskeleton is produced by dermal cells, which also produce several kinds of pigments, imparting vivid colors to these animals.
In sea stars, fingerlike projections of dermal tissue extend through the endoskeleton and function as gills.
Some cells are glandular, and may produce toxins.
Some cells are glandular.
Each arm or section of the animal contains several different structures: for example, digestive glands, gonads, and the tube feet that are unique to the echinoderms.
Each arm or section of the animal contains several different structures: for example, digestive glands, gonads.
In echinoderms like sea stars, every arm bears two rows of tube feet on the oral side, running along an external ambulacral groove.
These tube feet assist in locomotion, feeding, and chemical sensations, as well as serve to attach some species to the substratum.
These tube feet assist in locomotion, feeding.
chemical sensations, as well as serve to attach some species to the substratum.
This diagram of a sea star shows the pentaradial pattern typical of adult echinoderms, and the water vascular system that is their defining characteristic.
This diagram of a sea star shows the pentaradial pattern typical of adult echinoderms.
The water vascular system consists of a central ring canal and radial canals that extend along each arm.
Each radial canal is connected to a double row of tube feet, which project through holes in the endoskeleton, and function as tactile and ambulatory structures.
Each radial canal is connected to a double row of tube feet, which project through holes in the endoskeleton.
Individual tube feet are controlled by bulblike ampullae.
Seawater enters the system through an aboral madreporite and passes to the ring canal through a short stone canal.
Water circulating through these structures facilitates gaseous exchange and provides a hydrostatic source for locomotion and prey manipulation.
A hemal system, consisting of oral, gastric, and aboral rings, as well as other vessels running roughly parallel to the water vascular system, circulates nutrients.
aboral rings, as well as other vessels running roughly parallel to the water vascular system, circulates nutrients.
Transport of nutrients and gases is shared by the water vascular and hemal systems in addition to the visceral body cavity that surrounds the major organs.
Nervous System The nervous system in these animals is a relatively simple, comprising a circumoral nerve ring at the center and five radial nerves extending outward along the arms.
In addition, several networks of nerves are located in different parts of the body.
However, structures analogous to a brain or large ganglia are not present in these animals.
Digestive and Excretory Systems A mouth, located on the oral side, opens through a short esophagus to a large, baglike stomach.
After passing through the pyloric caeca in each arm, the digested food is channeled to a small anus, if one exists.
Podocytes—cells specialized for ultrafiltration of bodily fluids—are present near the center of the echinoderm disc, at the junction of the water vascular and hemal systems.
These podocytes are connected by an internal system of canals to the madreporite, where water enters the stone canal.
The adult echinoderm typically has a spacious and fluid-filled coelom.
Reproduction Echinoderms are dioecious, but males and females are indistinguishable apart from their gametes.
Males and females release their gametes into water at the same time and fertilization is external.
The early larval stages of all echinoderms have bilateral symmetry, although each class of echinoderms has its own larval form.
The most well-known echinoderms are members of class Asteroidea, or sea stars.
The most well-known echinoderms are members of class Asteroidea.
They come in a large variety of shapes, colors, and sizes, with more than 1,800 species known so far.
They come in a large variety of shapes, colors.
Sea stars use their rows of tube feet not only for gripping surfaces but also for grasping prey.
Most sea stars are carnivores and their major prey are in the phylum Mollusca.
By manipulating its tube feet, a sea star can open molluscan shells.
Sea stars have two stomachs, one of which can protrude through their mouths and secrete digestive juices into or onto prey, even before ingestion.
A sea star eating a clam can partially open the shell, and then evert its stomach into the shell, introducing digestive enzymes into the interior of the mollusk.
A sea star eating a clam can partially open the shell.
This process can both weaken the strong adductor muscles of a bivalve and begin the process of digestion.
LINK TO LEARNING Explore the sea star's body plan up close, watch one move across the sea floor, and see it devour a mussel.
LINK TO LEARNING Explore the sea star's body plan up close, watch one move across the sea floor.
Brittle stars belong to the class Ophiuroidea.
Unlike sea stars, which have plump arms, brittle stars have long, thin, flexible arms that are sharply demarcated from the central disk.
Brittle stars move by lashing out their arms or wrapping them around objects and pulling themselves forward.
Their arms are also used for grasping prey.
The water vascular system in ophiuroids is not used for locomotion.
Sea urchins and sand dollars are examples of Echinoidea.
Their tube feet are used to keep the body surface clean.
Most echinoids graze on algae, but some are suspension feeders, and others may feed on small animals or organic detritus—the fragmentary remains of plants or animals.
Most echinoids graze on algae, but some are suspension feeders.
others may feed on small animals or organic detritus—the fragmentary remains of plants or animals.
Sea lilies and feather stars are examples of Crinoidea.
Sea lilies are sessile, with the body attached to a stalk, but the feather stars can actively move about using leglike cirri that emerge from the aboral surface.
Both types of crinoid are suspension feeders, collecting small food organisms along the ambulacral grooves of their feather-like arms.
The "feathers" consisted of branched arms lined with tube feet.
The tube feet are used to move captured food toward the mouth.
Many crinoids are deep-water species, but feather stars typically inhabit shallow areas, especially in subtropical and tropical waters.
Sea cucumbers of class Holothuroidea exhibit an extended oral-aboral axis.
These are the only echinoderms that demonstrate "functional" bilateral symmetry as adults, because the extended oral-aboral axis compels the animal to lie horizontally rather than stand vertically.
The tube feet are reduced or absent, except on the side on which the animal lies.
They have a single gonad and the digestive tract is more typical of a bilaterally symmetrical animal.
Some sea cucumbers feed on detritus, while others are suspension feeders, sifting out small organisms with their oral tentacles.
Some sea cucumbers feed on detritus.
others are suspension feeders, sifting out small organisms with their oral tentacles.
Some species of sea cucumbers are unique among the echinoderms in that cells containing hemoglobin circulate in the coelomic fluid, the water vascular system and/or the hemal system.
In some groups, some of these traits are present only during embryonic development.
In addition to containing vertebrate classes, the phylum Chordata contains two clades of "invertebrates": Urochordata and Cephalochordata.
Most tunicates live on the ocean floor and are suspension feeders.
Lancelets are suspension feeders that feed on phytoplankton and other microorganisms.
The invertebrate chordates will be discussed more extensively in the following chapter.
Flatworms are acoelomate, such as pinacoderm.
These organisms show very triploblastic animals.
They lack circulatory and simple organization, with a rudimentary endoskeleton respiratory systems, and have a rudimentary excretory of spicules and spongin fibers.
They lack circulatory and simple organization, with a rudimentary endoskeleton respiratory systems.
Glass sponge cells are system.
This digestive system is incomplete in most connected together in a multinucleated syncytium.
Trematodes have complex life cycles Cnidarians represent a more complex level of involving a molluscan secondary host and a primary organization than Porifera.
They possess outer and host in which sexual reproduction takes place.
inner tissue layers that sandwich a noncellular Cestodes, or tapeworms, infect the digestive systems mesoglea between them.
tapeworms, infect the digestive systems mesoglea between them.
Cnidarians possess a well- of their primary vertebrate hosts.
The mouth is surrounded by The group is characterized by the ciliated, wheel-like tentacles that contain large numbers of corona, located on their head.
Cnidarians have separate sexes and many have a lifecycle that involves two The nemerteans are probably simple eucoelomates.
distinct morphological forms—medusoid and These ribbon-shaped animals also bear a specialized polypoid—at various stages in their life cycles.
Cnidarian species include individual or colonial species compared to other phyla described here.
polypoid forms, floating colonies, or large individual Alimentary, nervous, and excretory systems are more medusa forms.
excretory systems are more medusa forms.
large individual Alimentary, nervous, and excretory systems are more medusa forms.
They have a complete digestive system, a stage.
They include dioecious as well as hermaphroditic schizocoelous invertebrates that occupy marine, species.
Embryonic development proceeds via several freshwater.
Mollusks can be larval stages, and most adults have a fixed number of divided into seven classes, each of which exhibits cells.
Mollusks can be larval stages.
most adults have a fixed number of divided into seven classes, each of which exhibits cells.
Like the nematodes, they are pseudocoelomates Some mollusks have evolved a reduced shell, and and have a fixed number of cells as adults.
Like the nematodes, they are pseudocoelomates Some mollusks have evolved a reduced shell.
Specialized others have no radula.
In terrestrial mollusks, Arthropods represent the most successful animal the mantle cavity itself serves as an organ of gas phylum on Earth, both in terms of the number of exchange.
Mollusks also have a muscular foot, which is species and the number of individuals.
As members of modified in various ways for locomotion or food the Ecdysozoa, all arthropods have a protective capture.
Most mollusks have separate sexes.
Early chitinous cuticle that must be periodically molted and development in aquatic species occurs via one or more shed during development or growth.
Arthropods are larval stages, including a trochophore larva, that characterized by a segmented body as well as the precedes a veliger larva in some groups.
In the basic body Phylum Annelida includes vermiform, segmented plan, a pair of appendages is present per body animals.
Segmentation is metameric (i.e., each segment.
Within the phylum, traditional classification is segment is partitioned internally as well as externally, based on mouthparts, body subdivisions, number of with various structures repeated in each segment).
These animals have well-developed neuronal, In aquatic arthropods, the chitinous exoskeleton may circulatory, and digestive systems.
These animals have well-developed neuronal, In aquatic arthropods, the chitinous exoskeleton may circulatory.
Gills, tracheae, and book lungs facilitate groups of annelids are the polychaetes, which have respiration.
book lungs facilitate groups of annelids are the polychaetes, which have respiration.
Unique larval stages are commonly seen in parapodia with multiple bristles, and oligochaetes, both aquatic and terrestrial groups of arthropods.
Unique larval stages are commonly seen in parapodia with multiple bristles.
which have no parapodia and fewer bristles or no 28.7 Superphylum Deuterostomia bristles.
Polychaetes typically have Echinoderms possess a water-vascular system that trochophore larvae, while the oligochaetes develop serves both for respiration and for locomotion, more directly.
Polychaetes typically have Echinoderms possess a water-vascular system that trochophore larvae.
the oligochaetes develop serves both for respiration and for locomotion, more directly.
although other respiratory structures such as papulae and respiratory trees are found in some species.
A 28.5 Superphylum Ecdysozoa: Nematodes large aboral madreporite is the point of entry and exit and Tardigrades for sea water pumped into the water vascular system.
The defining feature of the Ecdysozoa is a collagenous/ Echinoderms have a variety of feeding techniques chitinous cuticle that covers the body, and the ranging from predation to suspension feeding.
The defining feature of the Ecdysozoa is a collagenous/ Echinoderms have a variety of feeding techniques chitinous cuticle that covers the body.
Osmoregulation is carried out by specialized cells Nematodes are roundworms, with a pseudocoel body known as podocytes associated with the hemal system.
The characteristic features of the Chordata are a Vertebrata.
Most tunicates live on the ocean floor and notochord, a dorsal hollow nerve cord, pharyngeal slits, are suspension feeders.
Lancelets are suspension a post-anal tail, and an endostyle/thyroid that secretes feeders that feed on phytoplankton and other iodinated hormones.
Lancelets are suspension a post-anal tail.
The phylum Chordata contains microorganisms.
Which of the following statements is mantle.
The digestive system includes a gizzard, a a. Choanocytes have flagella that propel stomach, a digestive gland, and the water through the body.
The digestive system includes a gizzard, a a. Choanocytes have flagella that propel stomach, a digestive gland.
d. Porocytes control the flow of water a. Insects have both dorsal and ventral blood through pores in the sponge body.
Insects have spiracles, openings that 2.
Which of the following statements allow air to enter into the tracheal system.
a. Mollusks have a radula for grinding food.
Most insects have a well-developed b.
A digestive gland is connected to the digestive system with a mouth, crop, and stomach.
A digestive gland is connected to the digestive system with a mouth, crop.
Mesohyl contains: c. Choanocytes must be protected from the a. a polysaccharide gel and dead cells.
Cnidocytes are found in _____.
Cubozoans are ________.
Most sponge body plans are slight variations on a simple tube-within-a-tube design.
While collecting specimens, a marine biologist the following is a key limitation of sponge body finds a sessile Cnidarian.
The reliance on osmosis/diffusion requires b. Class Cubozoa a design that maximizes the surface area c. Class Scyphozoa to volume ratio of the sponge.
Which group of flatworms are primarily 17.
Crustaceans are _____.
The rhynchocoel is a ________.
Which of the following is not a key advantage 12.
Annelids have: provided by the exoskeleton of terrestrial a. pseudocoelom.
Protects internal tissue d. none of the above c. Provides mechanical support d. Grows with the arthropod throughout its 13.
A mantle and mantle cavity are present in: life a. phylum Echinodermata.
Echinoderms have _____.
a. Segmentation creates repeating body 21.
The circulatory fluid in echinoderms is _____.
b. mesohyl b. Segmentation allows specialization of c. water different body regions.
d. saline c. Neural segmentation allows annelids to localize sensations.
a. Human embryos undergo indeterminate cleavage.
The embryonic development in nematodes can b. A spinal cord runs along an adult human's have up to __________ larval stages.
The nematode cuticle contains _____.
The sister taxon of the Chordata is the _____.
Enumerate features of Caenorhabditis elegans identify how it is different from other animals.
that make it a valuable model system for biologists.
What are the anatomical differences between effects.