# Biology2e Chapter 29 — Vertebrates
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 988

INTRODUCTION Vertebrates are among the most recognizable organisms of the Animal Kingdom, and more than 62,000 vertebrate species have been identified.
INTRODUCTION Vertebrates are among the most recognizable organisms of the Animal Kingdom.
The vertebrate species now living represent only a small portion of the vertebrates that have existed in the past.
The best- known extinct vertebrates are the dinosaurs, a unique group of reptiles, some of which reached sizes not seen before or after in terrestrial animals.
The vertebrates exhibit two major innovations in their evolution from the invertebrate chordates.
Within the amniotes, modifications of keratinous epidermal structures have given rise to scales, claws, hair, and feathers.
Within the amniotes, modifications of keratinous epidermal structures have given rise to scales, claws, hair.
Currently, a number of vertebrate species face extinction primarily due to habitat loss and pollution.
According to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature, more than 6,000 vertebrate species are classified as threatened.
Amphibians and mammals are the classes with the greatest percentage of threatened species, with 29 percent of all amphibians and 21 percent of all mammals classified as threatened.
Attempts are being made around the world to prevent the extinction of threatened species.
For example, the Biodiversity Action Plan is an international program, ratified by 188 countries, which is designed to protect species and habitats.
The deuterostomes, whose name translates as "second mouth," consist of two major phyla: Echinodermata and Chordata.
Echinoderms are invertebrate marine animals that have pentaradial symmetry and a spiny body covering, a group that includes sea stars, sea urchins, and sea cucumbers.
Echinoderms are invertebrate marine animals that have pentaradial symmetry and a spiny body covering, a group that includes sea stars, sea urchins.
The most conspicuous and familiar members of Chordata are vertebrates, but this phylum also includes two groups of invertebrate chordates.
All chordates are deuterostomes possessing a notochord at some stage of their life cycle.
In some groups, some of these key characteristics are present only during embryonic development.
It is strengthened with glycoproteins similar to cartilage and covered with a collagenous sheath.
The notochord is located between the digestive tube and the nerve cord, and provides rigid skeletal support as well as a flexible location for attachment of axial muscles.
The notochord is located between the digestive tube and the nerve cord.
In some chordates, the notochord acts as the primary axial support of the body throughout the animal's lifetime.
The notochord, however, is not found in the postembryonic stages of vertebrates; at this point, it has been replaced by the vertebral column.
The notochord, however, is not found in the postembryonic stages of vertebrates.
at this point, it has been replaced by the vertebral column.
In chordates, four common features appear at some point during development: a notochord, a dorsal hollow nerve cord, pharyngeal slits, and a post-anal tail.
In chordates, four common features appear at some point during development: a notochord, a dorsal hollow nerve cord, pharyngeal slits.
The endostyle is embedded in the floor of the pharynx.
The dorsal hollow nerve cord is part of the chordate central nervous system.
In vertebrate fishes, the pharyngeal slits become the gills.
The dorsal hollow nerve cord is derived from ectoderm that rolls into a hollow tube during development.
In chordates, it is located dorsally to the notochord.
In contrast, the nervous system in protostome animal phyla is characterized by solid nerve cords that are located either ventrally and/or laterally to the gut.
In vertebrates, the neural tube develops into the brain and spinal cord, which together comprise the central nervous system.
The peripheral nervous system refers to the peripheral nerves lying outside of the brain and spinal cord.
Pharyngeal slits are openings in the pharynx that extend to the outside environment.
In organisms that live in aquatic environments, pharyngeal slits allow for the exit of water that enters the mouth during feeding.
Some invertebrate chordates use the pharyngeal slits to filter food out of the water that enters the mouth.
The endostyle is a strip of ciliated mucus-producing tissue in the floor of the pharynx.
Food particles trapped in the mucus are moved along the endostyle toward the gut.
The endostyle also produces substances similar to thyroid hormones and is homologous with the thyroid gland in vertebrates.
In vertebrate fishes, the pharyngeal slits are modified into gill supports, and in jawed fishes, into jaw supports.
In vertebrate fishes, the pharyngeal slits are modified into gill supports.
In tetrapods, the slits are highly modified into components of the ear, and tonsils and thymus glands.
In tetrapods, the slits are highly modified into components of the ear.
The post-anal tail is a posterior elongation of the body, extending beyond the anus.
The tail contains skeletal elements and muscles, which provide a source of locomotion in aquatic species, such as fishes.
In some terrestrial vertebrates, the tail also helps with balance, courting, and signaling when danger is near.
In some terrestrial vertebrates, the tail also helps with balance, courting.
apes, the post-anal tail is reduced to a vestigial coccyx that aids in balance during sitting.
Chordates and the Evolution of Vertebrates Two clades of chordates are invertebrates: Cephalochordata and Urochordata.
Members of these groups also possess the five distinctive features of chordates at some point during their development.
The notochord extends into the head, which gives the subphylum its name.
the nervous system is centered around a hollow nerve cord lying above the notochord.
Extinct members of this subphylum include Pikaia, which is the oldest known cephalochordate.
Excellently preserved Pikaia fossils were recovered from the Burgess shales of Canada and date to the middle of the Cambrian age, making them more than 500 million years old.
The anatomy of Pikaia closely resembles that of the extant lancelet in the genus Branchiostoma.
The lancelets are named for their bladelike shape.
Lancelets are only a few centimeters long and are usually found buried in sand at the bottom of warm temperate and tropical seas.
Cephalochordates are suspension feeders.
A water current is created by cilia in the mouth, and is filtered through oral tentacles.
A water current is created by cilia in the mouth.
Water from the mouth then enters the pharyngeal slits, which filter out food particles.
The filtered water collects in a gill chamber called the atrium and exits through the atriopore.
Trapped food particles are caught in a stream of mucus produced by the endostyle in a ventral ciliated fold of the pharynx and carried to the gut.
Most gas exchange occurs across the body surface.
Sexes are separate and gametes are released into the water through the atriopore for external fertilization.
In the lancelet and other cephalochordates, the notochord extends into the head region.
Adult lancelets retain all five key characteristics of chordates: a notochord, a dorsal hollow nerve cord, pharyngeal slits, an endostyle, and a post- anal tail.
Adult lancelets retain all five key characteristics of chordates: a notochord, a dorsal hollow nerve cord, pharyngeal slits, an endostyle.
The name tunicate derives from the cellulose-like carbohydrate material, called the tunic, which covers the outer body of tunicates.
Most tunicates are hermaphrodites; their larvae hatch from eggs inside the adult tunicate's body.
Most tunicates are hermaphrodites.
This photograph shows a colony of the tunicate Botrylloides violaceus.
The larval stage of the tunicate possesses all of the features characteristic of chordates: a notochord, a dorsal hollow nerve cord, pharyngeal slits, an endostyle, and a post-anal tail.
The larval stage of the tunicate possesses all of the features characteristic of chordates: a notochord, a dorsal hollow nerve cord, pharyngeal slits, an endostyle.
Adult tunicates may be either solitary or colonial forms, and some species may reproduce by budding.
Adult tunicates may be either solitary or colonial forms.
some species may reproduce by budding.
Most tunicates live a sessile existence on the ocean floor and are suspension feeders.
The primary foods of tunicates are plankton and detritus.
Seawater enters the tunicate's body through its incurrent siphon.
Suspended material is filtered out of this water by a mucous net produced by the endostyle and is passed into the intestine via the action of cilia.
Tunicates are found in shallow ocean waters around the world.
These colonial tunicates feed on phytoplankton.
Salps are sequential hermaphrodites, with younger female colonies fertilized by older male colonies.
The subphylum Craniata, including this placoderm fish, are characterized by the presence of a cranium, mandible, and other facial bones.
The subphylum Craniata, including this placoderm fish, are characterized by the presence of a cranium, mandible.
Members of the phylum Craniata/Vertebrata display the five characteristic features of the chordates; however, members of this group also share derived characteristics that distinguish them from invertebrate chordates.
Members of the phylum Craniata/Vertebrata display the five characteristic features of the chordates.
however, members of this group also share derived characteristics that distinguish them from invertebrate chordates.
In most derived vertebrates, the notochord becomes the nucleus pulposus of the intervertebral discs that cushion and support adjacent vertebrae.
Vertebrata are characterized by the presence of a backbone, such as the one that runs through the middle of this fish.
All vertebrates are in the Craniata clade and have a cranium.
Traditional phylogenies place the cephalochordates as a sister clade to the vertebrates, a view that has been supported by most current molecular analyses.
This hypothesis is further supported by the discovery of a fossil in China from the genus Haikouella.
This organism seems to be an intermediate form between cephalochordates and vertebrates.
The Haikouella fossils are about 530 million years old and appear similar to 1 modern lancelets.
These organisms had a brain and eyes, as do vertebrates, but lack the skull found in craniates.
This evidence suggests that vertebrates arose during the Cambrian explosion.
Vertebrates are the largest group of chordates, with more than 62,000 living species, which are grouped based on anatomical and physiological traits.
More than one classification and naming scheme is used for these animals.
we will consider the traditional groups Agnatha, Chondrichthyes, Osteichthyes, Amphibia, Reptilia, Aves, and Mammalia, which constitute classes in the subphylum Vertebrata/Craniata.
we will consider the traditional groups Agnatha, Chondrichthyes, Osteichthyes, Amphibia, Reptilia, Aves.
Virtually all modern cladists classify birds within Reptilia, which correctly reflects their evolutionary heritage.
Thus, we now have the nonavian reptiles and the avian reptiles in our reptilian classification.
We consider them separately only for convenience.
Gnathostomes include fishes and tetrapods.
Tetrapods include amphibians, reptiles, birds, and mammals, and technically could also refer to the extinct fishlike groups that gave rise to the tetrapods.
Tetrapods include amphibians, reptiles, birds.
Tetrapods can be further divided into two groups: amphibians and amniotes.
Amniotes are animals whose eggs contain four extraembryonic membranes that provide nutrition and a water-retaining environment for their embryos.
Amniotes are adapted for terrestrial living, and include mammals, reptiles, and birds.
Amniotes are adapted for terrestrial living.
Modern fishes include an estimated 31,000 species, by far the most of all clades within the Vertebrata.
Fishes were the earliest vertebrates, with jawless species being the earliest forms and jawed species evolving later.
They are active feeders, rather than sessile, suspension feeders.
The Agnatha—the hagfishes and lampreys—have a distinct cranium and complex sense organs including eyes, that distinguish them from the invertebrate chordates, the urochordates and cephalochordates.
Jawless Fishes: Superclass Agnatha Jawless fishes are craniates representing an ancient vertebrate lineage that arose over 550 million years ago.
In the past, hagfishes and lampreys were sometimes recognized as separate clades within the Agnatha, primarily because lampreys were regarded as true vertebrates, whereas hagfishes were not.
In the past, hagfishes and lampreys were sometimes recognized as separate clades within the Agnatha, primarily because lampreys were regarded as true vertebrates.
The discussion below, for convenience, separates the modern "cyclostomes" into the class Myxini and class Petromyzontida.
The defining features of the living jawless fishes are the lack of jaws and lack of paired lateral appendages.
They also lack internal ossification and scales, although these are not defining features of the clade.
Some of the earliest jawless fishes were the armored ostracoderms: vertebrate fishes encased in bony armor—unlike present-day jawless fishes, which lack bone in their scales.
Some ostracoderms, also unlike living jawless fishes, may have had paired fins.
We should note, however, that the "ostracoderms" represent an assemblage of heavily armored extinct jawless fishes that may not form a natural evolutionary group.
Fossils of the genus Haikouichthys from China, with an age of about 530 million years, show many typical vertebrate characteristics including paired eyes, auditory capsules, and rudimentary vertebrae.
Fossils of the genus Haikouichthys from China, with an age of about 530 million years, show many typical vertebrate characteristics including paired eyes, auditory capsules.
Although they are almost completely blind, sensory barbels around the mouth help them locate food by smell and touch.
They feed using keratinized teeth on a movable cartilaginous plate in the mouth, which rasp pieces of flesh from their prey.
These feeding structures allow the gills to be used exclusively for respiration, not for filter feeding as in the urochordates and cephalochordates.
Hagfishes are entirely marine and are found in oceans around the world, except for the polar regions.
Hagfish can also twist their bodies into a knot, which provides additional leverage to feed.
Pacific hagfish are scavengers that live on the ocean floor.
Hagfishes have a cartilaginous skull, as well as a fibrous and cartilaginous skeleton, but the major supportive structure is the notochord that runs the length of the body.
However, lampreys possess extrinsic eye muscles, at least two semicircular canals, and a true cerebellum, as well as simple vertebral elements, called arcualia—cartilaginous structures arranged above the notochord.
However, lampreys possess extrinsic eye muscles, at least two semicircular canals.
These features are also shared with the gnathostomes—vertebrates with jawed mouths and paired appendages.
Lampreys also have a dorsal tubular nerve cord with a well-differentiated brain, a small cerebellum, and 10 pairs of nerves.
Lampreys also have a dorsal tubular nerve cord with a well-differentiated brain, a small cerebellum.
The classification of lampreys is still debated, but they clearly represent one of the oldest divergences of the vertebrate lineage.
Lampreys lack paired appendages, as do the hagfishes, although they have one or two fleshy dorsal fins.
As adults, lampreys are characterized by a rasping tongue within a toothed, funnel-like sucking mouth.
Lampreys live primarily in coastal and freshwater environments, and have a worldwide distribution, except for the tropics and polar regions.
Lampreys live primarily in coastal and freshwater environments.
Some species are marine, but all species spawn in fresh water.
Eggs are fertilized externally, and the larvae differ greatly from the adult form, closely resembling the adult cephalocordate amphioxus.
Eggs are fertilized externally.
the larvae differ greatly from the adult form, closely resembling the adult cephalocordate amphioxus.
After spending three to 15 years as suspension feeders in rivers and streams, they attain sexual maturity.
After one to three years of feeding on fish as ectoparasites during life in open water, the adults swim upstream, reproduce, and die within days.
Gnathostomes: Jawed Fishes Gnathostomes, or "jaw-mouths," are vertebrates that possess true jaws—a milestone in the evolution of the vertebrates.
"jaw-mouths," are vertebrates that possess true jaws—a milestone in the evolution of the vertebrates.
Jaws were probably derived from the first pair of gill arches supporting the gills of jawless fishes.
Early gnathostomes also possessed two sets of paired fins, allowing the fishes to maneuver accurately.
Pectoral fins are typically located on the anterior body, and pelvic fins on the posterior.
Pectoral fins are typically located on the anterior body.
Evolution of the jaw and paired fins permitted gnathostomes to expand their food options from the scavenging and suspension feeding of jawless fishes to active predation.
The ability of gnathostomes to exploit new nutrient sources probably contributed to their replacing most jawless fishes during the Devonian period.
Most modern fishes are gnathostomes that belong to the clades Chondrichthyes and Osteichthyes.
Dunkleosteus was an enormous placoderm from the Devonian period, 380 to 360 million years ago.
It measured up to 10 meters in length and weighed up to 3.6 tons.
Its head and neck were armored with heavy bony plates.
Although Dunkleosteus had no true teeth, the edge of the jaw was armed with sharp bony blades.
This clade arose approximately 370 million years ago in the early or middle Devonian.
They are thought to be descended from the placoderms, which had endoskeletons made of bone; thus, the lighter cartilaginous skeleton of Chondrichthyes is a secondarily derived evolutionary development.
They are thought to be descended from the placoderms, which had endoskeletons made of bone.
thus, the lighter cartilaginous skeleton of Chondrichthyes is a secondarily derived evolutionary development.
Parts of shark skeleton are strengthened by granules of calcium carbonate, but this is not the same as bone.
Most cartilaginous fishes live in marine habitats, with a few species living in fresh water for a part or all of their lives.
Most sharks are carnivores that feed on live prey, either swallowing it whole or using their jaws and teeth to tear it into smaller pieces.
Sharks have abrasive skin covered with tooth-like scales called placoid scales.
Shark teeth probably evolved from rows of these scales lining the mouth.
The sawfishes have an extended rostrum that looks like a double-edged saw.
The rostrum is covered with electrosensitive pores that allow the sawfish to detect slight movements of prey hiding in the muddy sea floor.
The teeth in the rostrum are actually modified tooth- like structures called denticles, similar to scales.
Hammerhead sharks tend to school during the day and hunt prey at night.
Sharks have well-developed sense organs that aid them in locating prey, including a keen sense of smell and the ability to detect electromagnetic fields.
Electroreceptors called ampullae of Lorenzini allow sharks to detect the electromagnetic fields that are produced by all living things, including their prey.
The lateral line is visible as a darker stripe that runs along the length of a fish's body.
Sharks have no mechanism for maintaining neutral buoyancy and must swim continuously to stay suspended in the water.
Some must also swim in order to ventilate their gills but others have muscular pumps in their mouths to keep water flowing over the gills.
Whale sharks are filter-feeders and can grow to be over 10 meters long.
Whale sharks, like most other sharks, are ovoviviparous.
Sharks reproduce sexually, and eggs are fertilized internally.
Sharks reproduce sexually.
eggs are fertilized internally.
Most species are ovoviviparous: The fertilized egg is retained in the oviduct of the mother's body and the embryo is nourished by the egg yolk.
Some species of sharks are oviparous: They lay eggs that hatch outside of the mother's body.
The shark egg case has tentacles that snag in seaweed and give the newborn shark cover.
In both viviparous and ovoviviparous sharks, gas exchange uses this yolk sac transport.
Shark embryos are clearly visible through these transparent egg cases.
The round structure is the yolk that nourishes the growing embryo.
They also have three pairs of semicircular canals, and excellent senses of smell, vibration, vision, and electroreception.
They also have three pairs of semicircular canals.
Rays and skates comprise more than 500 species.
Most species are marine and live on the sea floor, with nearly a worldwide distribution.
Unlike sharks with elasmobranch or naked gills, chimaeras have four pairs of gills covered by an operculum.
Many species have a pearly iridescence and are extremely pretty.
This stingray blends into the sandy bottom of the ocean floor.
The vast majority of present-day fishes belong to this group, which consists of approximately 30,000 species, making it the largest class of vertebrates in existence today.
This characteristic has been reversed only in a few groups of Osteichthyes, such as sturgeons and paddlefish, which have primarily cartilaginous skeletons.
The skin of bony fishes is often covered by overlapping scales, and glands in the skin secrete mucus that reduces drag when swimming and aids the fish in osmoregulation.
The skin of bony fishes is often covered by overlapping scales.
Like sharks, bony fishes have a lateral line system that detects vibrations in water.
All bony fishes use gills to breathe.
Water is drawn over gills that are located in chambers covered and ventilated by a protective, muscular flap called the operculum.
Many bony fishes also have a swim bladder, a gas-filled organ derived as a pouch from the gut.
The swim bladder helps to control the buoyancy of the fish.
In most bony fish, the gases of the swim bladder are exchanged directly with the blood.
The swim bladder is believed to be homologous to the lungs of lungfish and the lungs of land vertebrates.
Bony fishes are further divided into two extant clades: Class Actinopterygii and Class Sarcopterygii.
Ray-finned fishes are named for the fan of slender bones that supports their fins.
Currently, two extant species of coelacanths have been described.
The sockeye salmon and coelacanth are both bony fishes of the Osteichthyes clade.
Amphibians are vertebrate tetrapods, and include frogs, salamanders, and caecilians.
Amphibians are vertebrate tetrapods.
In fact, they cannot stray far from water because their reproduction is intimately tied to aqueous environments.
Amphibians evolved during the Devonian period and were the earliest terrestrial tetrapods.
They represent an evolutionary transition from water to land that occurred over many millions of years.
Thus, the Amphibia are the only living true vertebrates that have made a transition from water to land in both their ontogeny and phylogeny.
Characteristics of Amphibians As tetrapods, most amphibians are characterized by four well-developed limbs.
In some species of salamanders, hindlimbs are reduced or absent, but all caecilians are limbless.
An important characteristic of extant amphibians is a moist, permeable skin that is achieved via mucus glands.
Most water is taken in across the skin rather than by drinking.
The skin is also one of three respiratory surfaces used by amphibians.
Air is taken first into the mouth through the nostrils, and then pushed by positive pressure into the lungs by closing the nostrils and elevating the throat.
Air is taken first into the mouth through the nostrils.
All extant adult amphibians are carnivorous, and some terrestrial amphibians have a sticky tongue used to capture prey.
All extant adult amphibians are carnivorous.
some terrestrial amphibians have a sticky tongue used to capture prey.
Amphibians also have multiple small teeth at the edge of the jaws.
In salamanders and caecilians, teeth are present in both jaws, sometimes in multiple rows.
In frogs and toads, teeth are seen only in the upper jaw.
Additional teeth, called vomerine teeth, may be found in the roof of the mouth.
Amphibian teeth are pedicellate, which means that the root and crown are calcified, separated by a zone of noncalcified tissue.
Amphibians have image-forming eyes and color vision.
Ears are best developed in frogs and toads, which vocalize to communicate.
Evolution of Amphibians The fossil record provides evidence of the first tetrapods: now-extinct amphibian species dating to nearly 400 million years ago.
Aquatic tetrapods of the Devonian period include Ichthyostega and Acanthostega.
Both were aquatic, and may have had both gills and lungs.
Both were aquatic.
They also had four limbs, with the skeletal structure of limbs found in present-day tetrapods, including amphibians.
However, the limbs could not be pulled in under the body and would not have supported their bodies well out of water.
They probably lived in shallow freshwater environments, and may have taken brief terrestrial excursions, much like "walking" catfish do today in Florida.
They probably lived in shallow freshwater environments.
In Ichthyostega, the forelimbs were more developed than the hind limbs, so it might have dragged itself along when it ventured onto land.
Tiktaalik likely lived in a shallow water environment about 375 million 2 years ago.
Tiktaalik also had gills and lungs, but the loss of some gill elements gave it a neck, which would have allowed its head to move sideways for feeding.
The eyes were on top of the head.
It had fins, but the attachment of the fin bones to the shoulder suggested they might be weight-bearing.
Tiktaalik preceded Acanthostega and Ichthyostega, with their four limbs, by about 10 million years and is considered to be a true intermediate clade between fish and amphibians.
The early tetrapods that moved onto land had access to new nutrient sources and relatively few predators.
Modern Amphibians Amphibia comprises an estimated 6,770 extant species that inhabit tropical and temperate regions around the world.
All living species are classified in the subclass Lissamphibia, which is divided into three clades: Urodela, the salamanders; Anura, the frogs; and Apoda, the caecilians.
All living species are classified in the subclass Lissamphibia, which is divided into three clades: Urodela, the salamanders.
Urodela: Salamanders Salamanders are amphibians that belong to the order Urodela.
These animals are probably the most similar to ancestral amphibians.
Most adult salamanders have a generalized tetrapod body plan with four limbs and a tail.
It is thought that their gait is similar to that used by early tetrapods.
The majority of salamanders are lungless, and respiration occurs through the skin or through external gills in aquatic species.
The majority of salamanders are lungless.
respiration occurs through the skin or through external gills in aquatic species.
Some terrestrial salamanders have primitive lungs; a few species have both gills and lungs.
Some terrestrial salamanders have primitive lungs.
a few species have both gills and lungs.
The giant Japanese salamander, the largest living amphibian, has additional folds in its skin that enlarge its respiratory surface.
Most salamanders reproduce using an unusual process of internal fertilization of the eggs.
All salamanders except one, the fire salamander, are oviparous.
Aquatic salamanders lay their eggs in water, where they develop into legless larvae called efts.
Terrestrial salamanders lay their eggs in damp nests, where the eggs are guarded by their mothers.
These embryos go through the larval stage and complete metamorphosis before hatching into tiny adult forms.
One aquatic salamander, the Mexican axolotl, never leaves the larval stage, becoming sexually mature without metamorphosis.
Most salamanders have legs and a tail, but respiration varies among species.
Anurans are among the most diverse groups of vertebrates, with approximately 5,965 species that occur on all of the continents except Antarctica.
Adult frogs use their hind limbs and their arrow-like endoskeleton to jump accurately to capture prey on land.
Tree frogs have hands adapted for grasping branches as they climb.
In tropical areas, "flying frogs" can glide from perch to perch on the extended webs of their feet.
Frogs have a number of modifications that allow them to avoid predators, including skin that acts as camouflage.
Many species of frogs and salamanders also release defensive chemicals that are poisonous to predators from glands in the skin.
Frogs with more toxic skins have bright warning coloration.
The Australian green tree frog is a nocturnal predator that lives in the canopies of trees near a water source.
Frog eggs are fertilized externally, and like other amphibians, frogs generally lay their eggs in moist environments.
Frog eggs are fertilized externally.
like other amphibians, frogs generally lay their eggs in moist environments.
Although amphibian eggs are protected by a thick jelly layer, they would still dehydrate quickly in a dry environment.
The males of Darwin's frog carry tadpoles in their vocal sac.
Many tree frogs lay their eggs off the ground in a folded leaf located over water so that the tadpoles can drop into the water as they hatch.
The life cycle of most frogs, as other amphibians, consists of two distinct stages: the larval stage followed by metamorphosis to an adult stage.
The larval stage of a frog, the tadpole, is often a filter-feeding herbivore.
Tadpoles usually have gills, a lateral line system, longfinned tails, and lack limbs.
Tadpoles usually have gills, a lateral line system, longfinned tails.
During this stage, the gills, tail, and lateral line system disappear, and four limbs develop.
The jaws become larger and are suited for carnivorous feeding, and the digestive system transforms into the typical short gut of a predator.
The jaws become larger and are suited for carnivorous feeding.
the digestive system transforms into the typical short gut of a predator.
An eardrum and air-breathing lungs also develop.
These changes during metamorphosis allow the larvae to move onto land in the adult stage.
Here, the frog has started to develop limbs, but its tadpole tail is still evident.
They have no limbs, although they evolved from a legged vertebrate ancestor.
The complete lack of limbs makes them resemble earthworms.
This resemblance is enhanced by folds of skin that look like the segments of an earthworm.
Caecilians are adapted for a burrowing or aquatic lifestyle, and they are nearly blind, with their tiny eyes sometimes covered by skin.
Caecilians are adapted for a burrowing or aquatic lifestyle.
they are nearly blind, with their tiny eyes sometimes covered by skin.
Although they have a single lung, they also depend on cutaneous respiration.
These animals are found in the tropics of South America, Africa, and Southern Asia.
These animals are found in the tropics of South America, Africa.
In the caecelians, the only amphibians in which the males have copulatory structures, fertilization is internal.
Some caecilians are oviparous, but most bear live young.
In these cases, the females help nourish their young with tissue from their oviduct before birth and from their skin after birth.
The Paleozoic Era and the Evolution of Vertebrates When the vertebrates arose during the Paleozoic Era, the climate and geography of Earth was vastly different.
The distribution of landmasses on Earth were also very different from that of today.
At this time, sea levels were very high, probably at a level that hasn't been reached since.
As the Paleozoic progressed, glaciations created a cool global climate, but conditions warmed near the end of the first half of the Paleozoic.
Eventually, a single supercontinent, called Pangaea, was formed, starting in the latter third of the Paleozoic.
Glaciations then began to affect Pangaea's climate and the distribution of vertebrate life.
During the Paleozoic Era, around 550 million years ago, the continent Gondwana formed.
Both Gondwana and the continent Laurentia were located near the equator.
During the early Paleozoic, the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere was much greater than it is today.
This may have begun to change later, as land plants became more common.
As the roots of land plants began to infiltrate rock and soil began to form, carbon dioxide was drawn out of the atmosphere and became trapped in the rock.
As plants became more common through the latter half of the Paleozoic, microclimates began to emerge and ecosystems began to change.
As plants and ecosystems continued to grow and become more complex, vertebrates moved from the water to land.
The presence of shoreline vegetation may have contributed to the movement of vertebrates onto land.
The chorion and amnion develop from folds in the body wall, and the yolk sac and allantois are extensions of the midgut and hindgut respectively.
The chorion and amnion develop from folds in the body wall.
the yolk sac and allantois are extensions of the midgut and hindgut respectively.
The amnion forms a fluid-filled cavity that provides the embryo with its own internal aquatic environment.
The evolution of the extraembryonic membranes led to less dependence on water for development and thus allowed the amniotes to branch out into drier environments.
In addition to these membranes, the eggs of birds, reptiles, and a few mammals have shells.
a few mammals have shells.
An amniote embryo was then enclosed in the amnion, which was in turn encased in an extra-embryonic coelom contained within the chorion.
This was a significant development that further distinguishes the amniotes from amphibians, which were and continue to be restricted to moist environments due their shell-less eggs.
Although the shells of various reptilian amniotic species vary significantly, they all permit the retention of water and nutrients for the developing embryo.
The egg shells of birds are hardened with calcium carbonate, making them rigid, but fragile.
The shells of most nonavian reptile eggs, such as turtles, are leathery and require a moist environment.
Most mammals do not lay eggs.
Instead, the embryo grows within the mother's body, with the placenta derived from two of the extraembryonic membranes.
Characteristics of Amniotes The amniotic egg is the key characteristic of amniotes.
In amniotes that lay eggs, the shell of the egg provides protection for the developing embryo while being permeable enough to allow for the exchange of carbon dioxide and oxygen.
The chorion facilitates exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide between the embryo and the egg's external environment.
The amnion protects the embryo from mechanical shock and supports hydration.
In mammals, the yolk sac is very reduced, but the embryo is still cushioned and enclosed within the amnion.
The placenta, which transports nutrients and functions in gas exchange and waste management, is derived from the chorion and allantois.
The chorion facilitates gas exchange.
The yolk provides food for the growing embryo.
The amniotic cavity is filled with albumen.
Additional derived characteristics of amniotes include a waterproof skin, accessory keratinized structures, and costal ventilation of the lungs.
Additional derived characteristics of amniotes include a waterproof skin, accessory keratinized structures.
The early amniotes quickly diverged into two main lines: synapsids and sauropsids.
Synapsids included the therapsids, a clade from which mammals evolved.
Sauropsids were further divided into anapsids and diapsids.
Diapsids gave rise to the reptiles, including the dinosaurs and birds.
Temporal fenestrae are post-orbital openings in the skull that allow muscles to expand and lengthen.
Anapsids have no temporal fenestrae, synapsids have one, and diapsids have two.
Anapsids have no temporal fenestrae, synapsids have one.
diapsids have two.
Anapsids include extinct organisms and traditionally included turtles.
The canonical diapsids include dinosaurs, birds, and all other extinct and living reptiles.
The canonical diapsids include dinosaurs, birds.
Anapsids have no openings, synapsids have one opening, and diapsids have two openings.
Anapsids have no openings, synapsids have one opening.
diapsids have two openings.
The lepidosaurs include modern lizards, snakes, and tuataras.
The lepidosaurs include modern lizards, snakes.
The archosaurs include modern crocodiles and alligators, the extinct ichthyosaurs and, pterosaurs, dinosaurs, and birds.
The archosaurs include modern crocodiles and alligators, the extinct ichthyosaurs and, pterosaurs, dinosaurs.
This chart shows the evolution of amniotes.
The placement of Testudines is currently still debated.
However, molecular studies clearly indicate that turtles descended from a diapsid ancestor.
In the past, the most common division of amniotes has been into the classes Mammalia, Reptilia, and Aves.
In the past, the most common division of amniotes has been into the classes Mammalia, Reptilia.
However, both birds and mammals are descended from different amniote branches: the synapsids giving rise to the therapsids and mammals, and the diapsids giving rise to the lepidosaurs and archosaurs.
However, both birds and mammals are descended from different amniote branches: the synapsids giving rise to the therapsids and mammals.
Characteristics of Reptiles Reptiles are tetrapods.
Limbless reptiles—snakes and legless lizards—are classified as tetrapods because they are descended from four-limbed ancestors.
Reptiles lay calcareous or leathery eggs enclosed in shells on land.
They usually reproduce sexually with internal fertilization.
Some species display ovoviviparity, with the eggs remaining in the mother's body until they are ready to hatch.
In ovoviviparous reptiles, most nutrients are supplied by the egg yolk, while the chorioallantois assists with respiration.
In ovoviviparous reptiles, most nutrients are supplied by the egg yolk.
the chorioallantois assists with respiration.
Other species are viviparous, with the offspring born alive, with their development supported by a yolk sac-placenta, a chorioallantoic-placenta, or both.
Other species are viviparous, with the offspring born alive, with their development supported by a yolk sac-placenta, a chorioallantoic-placenta.
thus all amniotes breathe with lungs.
All reptiles grow throughout their lives and regularly shed their skin, both to accommodate their growth and to rid themselves of ectoparasites.
Snakes tend to shed the entire skin at one time, but other reptiles shed their skins in patches.
Reptiles ventilate their lungs using various muscular mechanisms to produce negative pressure within the lungs that allows them to expand and draw in air.
In snakes and lizards, the muscles of the spine and ribs are used to expand or contract the rib cage.
Since walking or running interferes with this activity, the squamates cannot breathe effectively while running.
Some squamates can supplement rib movement with buccal pumping through the nose, with the mouth closed.
In crocodilians, the lung chamber is expanded and contracted by moving the liver, which is attached to the pelvis.
Turtles have a special problem with breathing, because their rib cage cannot expand.
However, they can change the pressure around the lungs by pulling their limbs in and out of the shell, and by moving their internal organs.
However, they can change the pressure around the lungs by pulling their limbs in and out of the shell.
Some turtles also have a posterior respiratory sac that opens off the hindgut that aids in the diffusion of gases.
Rather, their metabolism is slowed in response to cold temperatures, and the animal is very sluggish.
Rather, their metabolism is slowed in response to cold temperatures.
the animal is very sluggish.
Evolution of Reptiles Reptiles originated approximately 300 million years ago during the Carboniferous period.
Soon after the first amniotes appeared, they diverged into three groups—synapsids, anapsids, and diapsids—during the Permian period.
Soon after the first amniotes appeared, they diverged into three groups—synapsids, anapsids.
The Permian period also saw a second major divergence of diapsid reptiles into stem archosaurs and lepidosaurs.
These groups remained inconspicuous until the Triassic period, when the archosaurs became the dominant terrestrial group possibly due to the extinction of large-bodied anapsids and synapsids during the Permian-Triassic extinction.
About 250 million years ago, archosaurs radiated into the pterosaurs and both saurischian "lizard hip" and ornithischian "bird-hip" dinosaurs.
Pterosaurs had a number of adaptations that allowed for flight, including hollow bones.
Their wings were formed by membranes of skin that attached to the long, fourth finger of each arm and extended along the body to the legs.
Instead, they may have been able to soar after launching from cliffs.
Archosaurs: Dinosaurs Dinosaurs include the Saurischia with a simple, three-pronged pelvis, and Ornithischia dinosaurs with a more complex pelvis, superficially similar to that of birds.
Archosaurs: Dinosaurs Dinosaurs include the Saurischia with a simple, three-pronged pelvis.
Ornithischia dinosaurs with a more complex pelvis, superficially similar to that of birds.
However, it is a fact that birds evolved from the saurischian "lizard hipped" lineage, not the ornithischian "bird hip" lineage.
They were the largest land animals to have lived, challenging and perhaps exceeding the great blue whale in size, but probably not weight—which could be greater than 200 tons.
The Ornithischia were all herbivores, and sometimes evolved into crazy shapes, such as ankylosaur "armored tanks" and horned dinosaurs such as Triceratops.
The Ornithischia were all herbivores.
Some, such as Parasaurolophus, lived in great herds and may have amplified their species-specific calls through elaborate crests on their heads.
Both the ornithischian and saurischian dinosaurs provided parental care for their broods, just as crocodilians and birds do today.
Recent fossils suggest that hundreds of pterosaur species may have lived during any given period, dividing up the environment much like birds do today.
Pterosaurs had ultralight skeletons, with a pteroid bone, unique to pterosaurs, that strengthened the forewing membrane.
It is tempting to relate to them in terms of bird characteristics, but in reality, their proportions were decidedly not like birds at all.
In addition, unlike the feathered bird wing, the reptilian wing had a layer of muscles, connective tissue, and blood vessels, all reinforced with a webbing of fibrous cords.
In addition, unlike the feathered bird wing, the reptilian wing had a layer of muscles, connective tissue.
In contrast to the aerial pterosaurs, the dinosaurs were a diverse group of terrestrial reptiles with more than 1,000 species classified to date.
Paleontologists continue to discover new species of dinosaurs.
Some were carnivorous, whereas others were herbivorous.
Some were carnivorous.
others were herbivorous.
Dinosaurs laid eggs, and a number of nests containing fossilized eggs, with intact embryos, have been found.
Dinosaurs laid eggs.
It is not known with certainty whether dinosaurs were homeotherms or facultative endotherms.
However, given that modern birds are endothermic, the dinosaurs that were the immediate ancestors to birds likely were endothermic as well.
Some fossil evidence exists for dinosaurian parental care, and comparative biology supports this hypothesis since the archosaur birds and crocodilians both display extensive parental care.
Some fossil evidence exists for dinosaurian parental care.
comparative biology supports this hypothesis since the archosaur birds and crocodilians both display extensive parental care.
Edmontonia was an armored dinosaur that lived in the Late Cretaceous period, 145.5 to 65.6 million years ago.
Herrerasaurus and Eoraptor were late Triassic saurischian dinosaurs dating to about 230 million years ago.
The dominance of dinosaurs lasted until the end of the Cretaceous, the last period of the Mesozoic era.
The Cretaceous-Tertiary extinction resulted in the loss of most of the large-bodied animals of the Mesozoic era.
Birds are the only living descendants of one of the major clades of theropod dinosaurs.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit this site to see a video discussing the hypothesis that an asteroid caused the Cretaceous-Tertiary extinction.
Modern Reptiles Class Reptilia includes many diverse species that are classified into four living clades.
Crocodilia Crocodilia arose as a distinct lineage by the middle Triassic; extant species include alligators, crocodiles, gharials, and caimans.
Crocodilia Crocodilia arose as a distinct lineage by the middle Triassic.
extant species include alligators, crocodiles, gharials, and caimans.
Crocodilia Crocodilia arose as a distinct lineage by the middle Triassic; extant species include alligators, crocodiles, gharials.
They are found in freshwater, saltwater, and brackish habitats, such as rivers and lakes, and spend most of their time in water.
They are found in freshwater, saltwater.
Crocodiles are descended from terrestrial reptiles and can still walk and run well on land.
They often move on their bellies in a swimming motion, propelled by alternate movements of their legs.
However, some species can lift their bodies off the ground, pulling their legs in under the body with their feet rotated to face forward.
This mode of locomotion takes a lot of energy, and seems to be used primarily to clear ground obstacles.
This mode of locomotion takes a lot of energy.
Amazingly, some crocodiles can also gallop, pushing off with their hind legs and moving their hind and forelegs alternately in pairs.
Crocodilians, such as this Siamese crocodile, provide parental care for their offspring.
The common name "tuatara" comes from a Maori word describing the crest along its back.
Tuataras have a primitive diapsid skull with biconcave vertebrae.
They measure up to 80 centimeters and weigh about 1 kilogram.
Although superficially similar to an iguanid lizard, several unique features of the skull and jaws clearly define them and distinguish this group from the Squamata.
They have no external ears.
Tuataras briefly have a third eye—with a lens, retina, and cornea—in the middle of the forehead.
Tuataras briefly have a third eye—with a lens, retina.
The eye is visible only in very young animals; it is soon covered with skin.
The eye is visible only in very young animals.
it is soon covered with skin.
Parietal eyes can sense light, but have limited color discrimination.
Similar light-sensing structures are also seen in some other lizards.
In their jaws, tuataras have two rows of teeth in the upper jaw that bracket a single row of teeth in the lower jaw.
These teeth are actually projections from the jawbones, and are not replaced as they wear down.
These teeth are actually projections from the jawbones.
Squamata The Squamata arose in the mid-Triassic period approximately 220 million years ago, and extant species include lizards and snakes.
Squamata The Squamata arose in the mid-Triassic period approximately 220 million years ago.
extant species include lizards and snakes.
Both are found on all continents except Antarctica.
Lizards and snakes are most closely related to tuataras, both groups having evolved from a lepidosaurian ancestor.
Most lizards differ from snakes by having four limbs, although these have often been lost or significantly reduced in at least 60 lineages.
Some lizards are extravagantly decorated with spines, crests, and frills, and many are brightly colored.
Some lizards are extravagantly decorated with spines, crests.
Lizards have multiple-colored oil droplets in their retinal cells that give them a good range of color vision.
Lizards, unlike snakes, can focus their eyes by changing the shape of the lens.
The eyes of chameleons can move independently.
Several species of lizards have a "hidden" parietal eye, similar to that in the tuatara.
Both lizards and snakes use their tongues to sample the environment and a pit in the roof of the mouth, Jacobson's organ, is used to evaluate the collected sample.
Most lizards are carnivorous, but some large species, such as iguanas, are herbivores.
Some predatory lizards are ambush predators, waiting quietly until their prey is close enough for a quick grab.
Others are patient foragers, moving slowly through their environment to detect possible prey.
Lizard tongues are long and sticky and can be extended at high speed for capturing insects or other small prey.
Traditionally, the only venomous lizards are the Gila monster and the beaded lizard.
Specialized features of the jaw are related to adaptations for feeding that have evolved to feed on relatively large prey.
They include about 3,600 species, ranging in size from 10 centimeter-long thread snakes to 10 meter-long pythons and anacondas.
All snakes are legless, except for boids, which have vestigial hindlimbs in the form of pelvic spurs.
Like caecilian amphibians, the narrow bodies of most snakes have only a single functional lung.
All snakes are carnivorous and eat small animals, birds, eggs, fish, and insects.
All snakes are carnivorous and eat small animals, birds, eggs, fish.
The garter snake belongs to the genus Thamnophis, the most widely distributed reptile genus in North America.
Most snakes have a skull that is very flexible, involving eight rotational joints.
They also differ from other squamates by having mandibles without either bony or ligamentous attachment anteriorly.
Most snakes are nonvenomous and simply swallow their prey alive, or subdue it by constriction before swallowing it.
Most snakes are nonvenomous and simply swallow their prey alive.
Venomous snakes use their venom both to kill or immobilize their prey, and to help digest it.
Venomous snakes use their venom both to kill or immobilize their prey.
Although snakes have no eyelids, their eyes are protected with a transparent scale.
Their retinas have both rods and cones, and like many animals, they do not have receptor pigments for red light.
Their retinas have both rods and cones.
like many animals, they do not have receptor pigments for red light.
Some species, however, can see in the ultraviolet, which allows them to track ultraviolet signals in rodent trails.
Snakes adjust focus by moving their heads.
They have lost both external and middle ears, although their inner ears are sensitive to ground vibrations.
Snakes have a number of sensory structures that assist in tracking prey.
In pit vipers, like rattlesnakes, a sensory pit between the eye and nostrils is sensitive to infrared emissions from warm-blooded prey.
A row of similar pits is located on the upper lip of boids.
As noted above, snakes also use Jacobson's organ for detecting olfactory signals.
The shell in turtles is not just an epidermal covering, but is incorporated into the skeletal system.
The dorsal shell is called the carapace and includes the backbone and ribs; the ventral shell is called the plastron.
Both shells are covered with keratinous plates or scutes, and the two shells are held together by a bridge.
Both shells are covered with keratinous plates or scutes.
the two shells are held together by a bridge.
In some turtles, the plastron is hinged to allow the head and legs to be withdrawn under the shell.
The two living groups of turtles, Pleurodira and Cryptodira, have significant anatomical differences and are most easily recognized by how they retract their necks.
The more common Cryptodira retract their neck in a vertical S- curve; they appear to simply pull their head backward when retracting.
The more common Cryptodira retract their neck in a vertical S- curve.
they appear to simply pull their head backward when retracting.
Less common Pleurodira retract their neck with a horizontal curve, basically folding their neck to the side.
The earliest Testudines arose approximately 240 million years ago, partially overlapping with the evolution of crocodiles, lizards, and snakes.
The earliest Testudines arose approximately 240 million years ago, partially overlapping with the evolution of crocodiles, lizards.
Like other reptiles, turtles are ectotherms.
All turtles are oviparous, laying their eggs on land, although many species live in or near water.
None exhibit parental care.
Turtles range in size from the speckled padloper tortoise at 8 centimeters to the leatherback sea turtle at 200 centimeters.
The African spurred tortoise lives at the southern edge of the Sahara Desert.
It is the third largest tortoise in the world.
With over 10,000 identified species, the birds are the most speciose of the land vertebrate classes.
Abundant research has shown that birds are really an extant clade that evolved from maniraptoran theropod dinosaurs about 150 million years ago.
Feathers in these clades are also homologous to reptilian scales and mammalian hair, according to the most recent research.
Modern birds produce two main types of feathers: contour feathers and down feathers.
Contour feathers have a number of parallel barbs that branch from a central shaft.
The barbs in turn have microscopic branches called barbules that are linked together by minute hooks, making the vane of a feather a strong, flexible, and uninterrupted surface.
The barbs in turn have microscopic branches called barbules that are linked together by minute hooks, making the vane of a feather a strong, flexible.
Feathers not only provide insulation, but also allow for flight, producing the lift and thrust necessary for flying birds to become and stay airborne.
Flight feathers are also asymmetrical and curved, so that air flowing over them generates lift.
Primary feathers are located at the tip of the wing and provide thrust as the bird moves its wings downward, using the pectoralis major muscles.
Secondary feathers are located closer to the body, in the forearm portion of the wing, and provide lift.
Secondary feathers are located closer to the body, in the forearm portion of the wing.
In contrast to primary and secondary feathers, contour feathers are found on the body, where they help reduce form drag produced by wind resistance against the body during flight.
They create a smooth, aerodynamic surface so that air moves swiftly over the bird's body, preventing turbulence and creating ideal aerodynamic conditions for efficient flight.
Primary feathers are located at the wing tip and provide thrust; secondary feathers are located close to the body and provide lift.
Primary feathers are located at the wing tip and provide thrust.
secondary feathers are located close to the body and provide lift.
These muscles are highly developed in birds and account for a higher percentage of body mass than in most mammals.
The flight muscles attach to a blade-shaped keel projecting ventrally from the sternum, like the keel of a boat.
The sternum of birds is deeper than that of other vertebrates, which accommodates the large flight muscles.
The flight muscles of birds who are active flyers are rich with oxygen-storing myoglobin.
Another skeletal modification found in most birds is the fusion of the two clavicles, forming the furcula or wishbone.
The furcula is flexible enough to bend and provide support to the shoulder girdle during flapping.
An important requirement for flight is a low body weight.
The largest living bird is the ostrich, and while it is much smaller than the largest mammals, it is secondarily flightless.
The largest living bird is the ostrich.
while it is much smaller than the largest mammals, it is secondarily flightless.
For birds that do fly, reduction in body weight makes flight easier.
Several modifications are found in birds to reduce body weight, including pneumatization of bones.
Pneumatic bones are not found in all birds, and they are more extensive in large birds than in small birds.
Pneumatic bones are not found in all birds.
they are more extensive in large birds than in small birds.
Not all bones of the skeleton are pneumatic, although the skulls of almost all birds are.
Many birds have hollow, pneumatic bones, which make flight easier.
Other modifications that reduce weight include the lack of a urinary bladder.
Birds possess a cloaca, an external body cavity into which the intestinal, urinary, and genital orifices empty in reptiles, birds, and the monotreme mammals.
Birds possess a cloaca, an external body cavity into which the intestinal, urinary.
The cloaca allows water to be reabsorbed from waste back into the bloodstream.
Thus, uric acid is not eliminated as a liquid but is concentrated into urate salts, which are expelled along with fecal matter.
In this way, water is not held in a urinary bladder, which would increase body weight.
In addition, the females of most bird species only possess one functional ovary rather than two, further reducing body mass.
The respiratory system of birds is dramatically different from that of reptiles and mammals, and is well adapted for the high metabolic rate required for flight.
The respiratory system of birds is dramatically different from that of reptiles and mammals.
To begin, the air spaces of pneumatic bone are sometimes connected to air sacs in the body cavity, which replace coelomic fluid and also lighten the body.
These air sacs are also connected to the path of airflow through the bird's body, and function in respiration.
These air sacs are also connected to the path of airflow through the bird's body.
Gas exchange occurs in "air capillaries" or microscopic air passages within the lungs.
The arrangement of air capillaries in the lungs creates a cross-current exchange system with the pulmonary blood.
In a cross-current exchange system, the flow of air is perpendicular to the flow of blood, producing a favorable diffusion gradient and creating an efficient means of gas exchange.
This very effective oxygen-delivery system of birds supports their higher metabolic activity.
In effect, ventilation is provided by the parabronchi with thin air sacs located among the visceral organs and the skeleton.
A syrinx resides near the junction of the trachea and bronchi.
The syrinx, however, is not homologous to the mammalian larynx, which resides within the upper part of the trachea.
Avian respiration is an efficient system of gas exchange with air flowing unidirectionally.
A full ventilation cycle takes two breathing cycles.
During the first inhalation, air passes from the trachea into posterior air sacs.
The first exhalation moves the air from the posterior air sacs to the lungs.
The second inhalation moves the air in the lungs to the anterior air sacs, and the second exhalation moves the air in the anterior air sacs out of the body.
The second inhalation moves the air in the lungs to the anterior air sacs.
the second exhalation moves the air in the anterior air sacs out of the body.
Overall, each inhalation moves air into the air sacs, while each exhalation moves fresh air through the lungs and "used" air out of the body.
Overall, each inhalation moves air into the air sacs.
each exhalation moves fresh air through the lungs and "used" air out of the body.
The air sacs are connected to the hollow interior of bones.
Beyond the unique characteristics discussed above, birds are also unusual vertebrates because of a number of other features.
First, they typically have an elongated S-shaped neck, but a short tail or pygostyle, produced from the fusion of the caudal vertebrae.
Unlike mammals, birds have only one occipital condyle, allowing them extensive movement of the head and neck.
They also have a very thin epidermis without sweat glands, and a specialized uropygial gland or sebaceous "preening gland" found at the dorsal base of the tail.
They also have a very thin epidermis without sweat glands.
a specialized uropygial gland or sebaceous "preening gland" found at the dorsal base of the tail.
Their large brains, keen senses, and the abilities of many species to imitate vocalization and use tools make them some of the most intelligent vertebrates on Earth.
the abilities of many species to imitate vocalization and use tools make them some of the most intelligent vertebrates on Earth.
Birds belong to a group of diapsids called the archosaurs, which includes three other groups: living crocodilians, pterosaurs, and dinosaurs.
Birds belong to a group of diapsids called the archosaurs, which includes three other groups: living crocodilians, pterosaurs.
Overwhelming evidence shows that birds evolved within the clade Dinosauria, which is further subdivided into two groups, the Saurischia and the Ornithischia.
Despite the names of these groups, it was not the bird-hipped dinosaurs that gave rise to modern birds.
The second group, bipedal predators called theropods, gave rise to birds.
The clade Neornithes includes the avian crown group, which comprises all living birds and the descendants from their most recent common maniraptoran ancestor.
Archaeopteryx has characteristics of both maniraptoran dinosaurs and modern birds.
Some scientists propose classifying it as a bird, but others prefer to classify it as a dinosaur.
Traits in skeletons of Archaeopteryx like those of a dinosaur included a jaw with teeth and a long bony tail.
Like birds, it had feathers modified for flight, both on the forelimbs and on the tail, a trait associated only with birds among modern animals.
Archaeopteryx lived in the late Jurassic period around 150 million years ago.
It had cuplike thecodont teeth like a dinosaur, but had flight feathers like modern birds, which can be seen in this fossil.
The Evolution of Flight in Birds There are two basic hypotheses that explain how flight may have evolved in birds: the arboreal hypothesis and the terrestrial hypothesis.
In contrast to this, the terrestrial hypothesis holds that running was the stimulus for flight.
In this scenario, wings could be used to capture prey and were preadapted for balance and flapping flight.
Ostriches, which are large flightless birds, hold their wings out when they run, possibly for balance.
However, this condition may represent a behavioral relict of the clade of flying birds that were their ancestors.
This early flight behavior would have also greatly increased the opportunity for species dispersal.
Although we have a good understanding of how feathers and flight may have evolved, the question of how endothermy evolved in birds remains unanswered.
Feathers provide insulation, but this is only beneficial for thermoregulatory purposes if body heat is being produced internally.
Similarly, internal heat production is only viable for the evolution of endothermy if insulation is present to retain that infrared energy.
It seems probable that feathers and endothermy coevolved together, the improvement and evolutionary advancement of feathers reinforcing the evolutionary advancement of endothermy, and so on.
It seems probable that feathers and endothermy coevolved together, the improvement and evolutionary advancement of feathers reinforcing the evolutionary advancement of endothermy.
Enantiornithes means "opposite birds," which refers to the fact that certain bones of the shoulder are joined differently than the way the bones are joined in modern birds.
Like Archaeopteryx, these birds retained teeth in their jaws, but did have a shortened tail, and at least some fossils have preserved "fans" of tail feathers.
Like Archaeopteryx, these birds retained teeth in their jaws, but did have a shortened tail.
at least some fossils have preserved "fans" of tail feathers.
These birds formed an evolutionary lineage separate from that of modern birds, and they did not survive past the Cretaceous.
These birds formed an evolutionary lineage separate from that of modern birds.
they did not survive past the Cretaceous.
Along with the Enantiornithes, however, another group of birds—the Ornithurae, with a short, fused tail or pygostyle—emerged from the evolutionary line that includes modern birds.
This clade was also present in the Cretaceous.
Molecular analysis based on very large data sets has produced our current understanding of the relationships among living birds.
The Paleognathae or ratites are a group of flightless birds including ostriches, emus, rheas, and kiwis.
The Paleognathae or ratites are a group of flightless birds including ostriches, emus, rheas.
The Galloanserae include pheasants, ducks, geese and swans.
The Neoaves includes all other birds.
Despite the current classification scheme, it is important to understand that phylogenetic revisions, even for the extant birds, are still taking place.
Shanweiniao cooperorum was a species of Enantiornithes that did not survive past the Cretaceous period.
Veterinarian Veterinarians are concerned with diseases, disorders.
injuries in animals, primarily vertebrates.
They treat pets, livestock, and animals in zoos and laboratories.
They treat pets, livestock.
Veterinarians often treat dogs and cats, but also take care of birds, reptiles, rabbits, and other animals that are kept as pets.
Veterinarians often treat dogs and cats, but also take care of birds, reptiles, rabbits.
Veterinarians are also trained to perform surgery on many different vertebrate species, which requires an understanding of the vastly different anatomies of various species.
For example, the stomach of ruminants like cows has four "compartments" versus one compartment for non-ruminants.
As we have seen, birds also have unique anatomical adaptations that allow for flight, which requires additional training and care.
Some veterinarians conduct research in academic settings, broadening our knowledge of animals and medical science.
One area of research involves understanding the transmission of animal diseases to humans, called zoonotic diseases.
For example, one area of great concern is the transmission of the avian flu virus to humans.
One type of avian flu virus, H5N1, is a highly pathogenic strain that has been spreading in birds in Asia, Europe, Africa, and the Middle East.
One type of avian flu virus, H5N1, is a highly pathogenic strain that has been spreading in birds in Asia, Europe, Africa.
More research is needed to understand how this virus can cross the species barrier and how its spread can be prevented.
Mammals, comprising about 5,200 species, are vertebrates that possess hair and mammary glands.
Several other characteristics are distinctive to mammals, including certain features of the jaw, skeleton, integument, and internal anatomy.
Several other characteristics are distinctive to mammals, including certain features of the jaw, skeleton, integument.
Modern mammals belong to three clades: monotremes, marsupials, and eutherians.
Modern mammals belong to three clades: monotremes, marsupials.
Characteristics of Mammals The presence of hair, composed of the protein keratin, is one of the most obvious characteristics of mammals.
Although it is not very extensive or obvious on some species, hair has many important functions for most mammals.
Mammals are endothermic, and hair traps a boundary layer of air close to the body, retaining heat generated by metabolic activity.
Mammals are endothermic.
Along with insulation, hair can serve as a sensory mechanism via specialized hairs called vibrissae, better known as whiskers.
Vibrissae attach to nerves that transmit information about tactile vibration produced by sound sensation, which is particularly useful to nocturnal or burrowing mammals.
Unlike the skin of birds, the integument of mammals, includes a number of different types of secretory glands.
Sebaceous glands produce a lipid mixture called sebum that is secreted onto the hair and skin, providing water resistance and lubrication for hair.
Sebaceous glands are located over most of the body.
Eccrine glands produce sweat, or perspiration, which is mainly composed of water, but also contains metabolic waste products, and sometimes compounds with antibiotic activity.
Eccrine glands produce sweat, or perspiration, which is mainly composed of water, but also contains metabolic waste products.
Eccrine glands produce sweat.
In most mammals, eccrine glands are limited to certain areas of the body, and some mammals do not possess them at all.
In most mammals, eccrine glands are limited to certain areas of the body.
some mammals do not possess them at all.
However, in primates, especially humans, sweat glands are located over most of the body surface and figure prominently in regulating the body temperature through evaporative cooling.
Mammary glands produce milk that is used to feed newborns.
In both monotremes and eutherians, both males and females possess mammary glands, while in some marsupials, mammary glands are found only in females, with exception of some opossums.
In both monotremes and eutherians, both males and females possess mammary glands.
in some marsupials, mammary glands are found only in females, with exception of some opossums.
Mammary glands likely are modified sebaceous or eccrine glands, but their evolutionary origin is not entirely clear.
The skeletal system of mammals possesses many unique features.
In the ear of other vertebrates, vibrations are transmitted to the inner ear by a single bone, the stapes.
The malleus is derived from the articular bone, whereas the incus originated from the quadrate bone.
The malleus is derived from the articular bone.
the incus originated from the quadrate bone.
Bones of the mammalian middle ear are modified from bones of the jaw and skull in reptiles.
The stapes is found in other vertebrates whereas in mammals, the malleus and incus are derived from the articular and quadrate bones, respectively.
The adductor muscles that close the jaw comprise two major muscles in mammals: the temporalis and the masseter.
Most mammals have heterodont teeth, meaning that they have different types and shapes of teeth rather than just one type and shape of tooth.
Most mammals are also diphyodonts, meaning that they have two sets of teeth in their lifetime: deciduous or "baby" teeth, and permanent teeth.
Most mammals are also diphyodonts, meaning that they have two sets of teeth in their lifetime: deciduous or "baby" teeth.
Most other vertebrates with teeth are polyphyodonts, that is, their teeth are replaced throughout their entire life.
Mammalian erythrocytes do not have nuclei, whereas the erythrocytes of other vertebrates are nucleated.
Mammalian erythrocytes do not have nuclei.
Mammals lack a renal portal system, which is a system of veins that moves blood from the hind or lower limbs and region of the tail to the kidneys.
Renal portal systems are present in all other vertebrates except jawless fishes.
A urinary bladder is present in all mammals.
Turbinate bones are located along the sides of the nasal cavity, and help warm and moisten air as it is inhaled.
Turbinate bones are located along the sides of the nasal cavity.
The pelvic bones are fused in mammals, and there are typically seven cervical vertebrae.
The pelvic bones are fused in mammals.
Mammals have movable eyelids and fleshy external ears, quite unlike the naked external auditory openings of birds.
Mammals also have a muscular diaphragm that is lacking in birds.
Mammalian brains also have certain characteristics that differ from the brains of other vertebrates.
The optic lobes, located in the midbrain, are divided into two parts in mammals, while other vertebrates possess a single, undivided lobe.
The optic lobes, located in the midbrain, are divided into two parts in mammals.
other vertebrates possess a single, undivided lobe.
Eutherian mammals also possess a specialized structure, the corpus callosum, which links the two cerebral hemispheres together.
Evolution of Mammals Mammals are synapsids, meaning they have a single, ancestrally fused, postorbital opening in the skull.
They are the only living synapsids, as earlier forms became extinct by the Jurassic period.
Cynodonts, which first appeared in the Late Permian period 260 million years ago, are thought to be the ancestors of modern mammals.
Holes in the upper jaws of cynodonts suggest that they had whiskers, which might also indicate the presence of hair.
As with birds, a key characteristic of synapsids is endothermy, rather than the ectothermy seen in many other vertebrates.
The increased metabolic rate required to internally modify body temperature likely went hand-in-hand with changes to certain skeletal structures that improved food processing and ambulation.
The secondary palate separates the area of the mouth where chewing occurs from the area above where respiration occurs, allowing breathing to proceed uninterrupted while the animal is chewing.
A secondary palate is not found in pelycosaurs but is present in cynodonts and mammals.
The jawbone also shows changes from early synapsids to later ones.
The zygomatic arch, or cheekbone, is present in mammals and advanced therapsids such as cynodonts, but is not present in pelycosaurs.
The presence of the zygomatic arch suggests the presence of masseter muscles, which close the jaw and function in chewing.
Mammals evolved from therapsids in the late Triassic period, as the earliest known mammal fossils are from the early Jurassic period, some 205 million years ago.
One group of transitional mammals was the morganucodonts, small nocturnal insectivores.
Like modern mammals, the morganucodonts had differentiated teeth and were diphyodonts.
Mammals first began to diversify in the Mesozoic era, from the Jurassic to the Cretaceous periods.
Even some small gliding mammals appear in the fossil record during this time period.
During the Cretaceous period, another radiation of mammals began and continued through the Cenozoic era, about 65 million years ago.
This morganucodont Megazotrodon, an extinct basal mammal, may have been nocturnal and insectivorous.
In living mammals, the articular and quadrate bones have been incorporated into the middle ear.
The eutherians and the marsupials together comprise a clade of therian mammals, with the monotremes forming a sister clade to both metatherians and eutherians.
The platypus and one species of echidna are found in Australia, and the other species of echidna are found in New Guinea.
The platypus and one species of echidna are found in Australia.
the other species of echidna are found in New Guinea.
Monotremes are unique among mammals because they lay eggs, rather than giving birth to live young.
The shells of their eggs are not like the hard shells of birds, but have a leathery shell, similar to the shells of reptile eggs.
Monotremes retain their eggs through about two-thirds of the developmental period, and then lay them in nests.
Monotremes retain their eggs through about two-thirds of the developmental period.
A yolk-sac placenta helps support development.
The babies hatch in a fetal state and complete their development in the nest, nourished by milk secreted by mammary glands opening directly to the skin.
Monotremes, except for young platypuses, do not have teeth.
Body temperature in the monotreme species is maintained at about 30°C, considerably lower than the average body temperature of marsupial and placental mammals, which are typically between 35 and 38°C.
The platypus, a monotreme, possesses a leathery beak and lays eggs rather than giving birth to live young.
The echidna is another monotreme, with long hairs modified into spines.
Like monotremes, the embryos of marsupials are nourished during a short gestational period by a yolk-sac placenta, but with no intervening egg shell.
Some marsupial embryos can enter an embryonic diapause, and delay implantation, suspending development until implantation is completed.
Some marsupial embryos can enter an embryonic diapause.
Marsupial young are also effectively fetal at birth.
Most, but not all, species of marsupials possess a pouch in which the very premature young reside, receiving milk and continuing their development.
In kangaroos, the young joeys continue to nurse for about a year and a half.
The Tasmanian devil is one of several marsupials native to Australia.
Eutherians are the most widespread and numerous of the mammals, occurring throughout the world.
Eutherian mammals are sometimes called "placental mammals" because all species possess a complex chorioallantoic placenta that connects a fetus to the mother, allowing for gas, fluid, and nutrient exchange.
Eutherian mammals are sometimes called "placental mammals" because all species possess a complex chorioallantoic placenta that connects a fetus to the mother, allowing for gas, fluid.
In the evolutionary sense, they have been incredibly successful in form, diversity, and abundance.
In the evolutionary sense, they have been incredibly successful in form, diversity.
The eutherian mammals are classified in two major clades, the Atlantogenata and the Boreoeutheria.
The Atlantogeneta include the Afrotheria and the Xenarthra.
The Boreoeutheria contain two large groups, the Euarchontoglires and the Laurasiatheria.
Familiar orders in the Euarchontoglires are the Scandentia, Rodentia, Lagomorpha, and the Primates.
Familiar orders in the Euarchontoglires are the Scandentia, Rodentia, Lagomorpha.
The two largest orders are the rodents and bats, which together constitute almost 60 percent of all eutherian species.
Order Primates of class Mammalia includes lemurs, tarsiers, monkeys, apes, and humans.
Order Primates of class Mammalia includes lemurs, tarsiers, monkeys, apes.
Non-human primates live primarily in the tropical or subtropical regions of South America, Africa, and Asia.
Non-human primates live primarily in the tropical or subtropical regions of South America, Africa.
They range in size from the mouse lemur at 30 grams to the mountain gorilla at 200 kilograms.
The characteristics and evolution of primates are of particular interest to us as they allow us to understand the evolution of our own species.
Characteristics of Primates All primate species possess adaptations for climbing trees, as they all descended from tree-dwellers.
This arboreal heritage of primates has resulted in hands and feet that are adapted for climbing, or brachiation.
This arboreal heritage of primates has resulted in hands and feet that are adapted for climbing.
Order Primates is divided into two groups: Strepsirrhini and Haplorhini primates.
Strepsirrhines, also called the wet-nosed primates, include prosimians like the bush babies and pottos of Africa, the lemurs of Madagascar, and the lorises of Southeast Asia.
Strepsirrhines, also called the wet-nosed primates, include prosimians like the bush babies and pottos of Africa, the lemurs of Madagascar.
Haplorhines, with a few exceptions, are diurnal, and depend more on their vision.
Haplorhines, with a few exceptions, are diurnal.
Another interesting difference between the strepsirrhines and haplorhines is that strepsirrhines have the enzymes for making vitamin C, while haplorhines have to get it from their food.
Another interesting difference between the strepsirrhines and haplorhines is that strepsirrhines have the enzymes for making vitamin C.
haplorhines have to get it from their food.
This tarsier, Carlito syrichta, is one of the smallest primates—about 5 inches long, from nose to the base of the tail.
Evolution of Primates The first primate-like mammals are referred to as proto-primates.
They were roughly similar to squirrels and tree shrews in size and appearance.
The existing fossil evidence is very fragmented.
These proto-primates remain largely mysterious creatures until more fossil evidence becomes available.
Although genetic evidence suggests that primates diverged from other mammals about 85 MYA, the oldest known primate-like mammals with a relatively robust fossil record date to about 65 MYA.
Fossils like the proto-primate Plesiadapis had some features of the teeth and skeleton in common with true primates.
They were found in North America and Europe in the Cenozoic and went extinct by the end of the Eocene epoch.
The first true primates date to about 55 MYA in the Eocene epoch.
They were found in North America, Europe, Asia, and Africa.
They were found in North America, Europe, Asia.
These early primates resembled present-day prosimians such as lemurs.
Anthropoid monkeys evolved from prosimians during the Eocene epoch.
By 40 million years ago, evidence indicates that monkeys were present in the New World and the Old World.
At the time the platyrrhines arose, the continents of South American and Africa had drifted apart.
Therefore, it is thought that monkeys arose in the Old World and reached the New World either by drifting on log rafts or by crossing land bridges.
World monkeys underwent separate adaptive radiations over millions of years.
The New World monkeys are all arboreal, whereas Old World monkeys include both arboreal and ground-dwelling species.
The New World monkeys are all arboreal.
Old World monkeys include both arboreal and ground-dwelling species.
The arboreal habits of the New World monkeys are reflected in the possession of prehensile or grasping tails by most species.
The tails of Old World monkeys are never prehensile and are often reduced, and some species have ischial callosities—thickened patches of skin on their seats.
The tails of Old World monkeys are never prehensile and are often reduced.
some species have ischial callosities—thickened patches of skin on their seats.
The howler monkey is native to Central and South America.
It makes a call that sounds like a lion roaring.
Apes evolved from the catarrhines in Africa midway through the Cenozoic, approximately 25 million years ago.
Apes are generally larger than monkeys and they do not possess a tail.
All apes are capable of moving through trees, although many species spend most their time on the ground.
When walking quadrupedally, monkeys walk on their palms, while apes support the upper body on their knuckles.
When walking quadrupedally, monkeys walk on their palms.
apes support the upper body on their knuckles.
Apes are more intelligent than monkeys, and they have larger brains relative to body size.
Apes are more intelligent than monkeys.
they have larger brains relative to body size.
The apes are divided into two groups.
The lesser apes comprise the family Hylobatidae, including gibbons and siamangs.
All great apes have a similar skeletal structure.
Two species of orangutan are native to different islands in Indonesia: Borneo and Sumatra.
A third orangutan species, Pongo tapanuliensis, was reported in 2017 from the Batang Toru forest in Sumatra.
Orangutans are arboreal and solitary.
Males are much larger than females and have cheek and throat pouches when mature.
Gorillas all live in Central Africa.
The eastern and western populations are recognized as separate species, G. berengei and G. gorilla.
Gorillas are strongly sexually dimorphic, with males about twice the size of females.
In older males, called silverbacks, the hair on the back turns white or gray.
However, the species most closely related to the chimpanzee is the bonobo.
that chimpanzee and human lineages separated 5 to 7 MYA, while chimpanzee and bonobo lineages separated about 2 MYA.
that chimpanzee and human lineages separated 5 to 7 MYA.
chimpanzee and bonobo lineages separated about 2 MYA.
Chimpanzees and bonobos both live in Central Africa, but the two species are separated by the Congo River, a significant geographic barrier.
Bonobos are slighter than chimpanzees, but have longer legs and more hair on their heads.
In chimpanzees, white tail tufts identify juveniles, while bonobos keep their white tail tufts for life.
In chimpanzees, white tail tufts identify juveniles.
bonobos keep their white tail tufts for life.
Bonobos also have higher-pitched voices than chimpanzees.
Chimpanzees are more aggressive and sometimes kill animals from other groups, while bonobos are not known to do so.
Chimpanzees are more aggressive and sometimes kill animals from other groups.
bonobos are not known to do so.
Both chimpanzees and bonobos are omnivorous.
Orangutan and gorilla diets also include foods from multiple sources, although the predominant food items are fruits for orangutans and foliage for gorillas.
This white-cheeked gibbon is a lesser ape.
This young chimpanzee is one of the great apes.
It possesses a relatively large brain and has no tail.
Evidence from the fossil record and from a comparison of human and chimpanzee DNA suggests that humans and chimpanzees diverged from a common hominoid ancestor approximately six million years ago.
Several species evolved from the evolutionary branch that includes humans, although our species is the only surviving member.
This chart shows evolutionary relationship among Hominins and hypothesized relation to modern humans.
Very Early Hominins Three species of very early hominins have made news in the late 20th and early 21st centuries: Ardipithecus, Sahelanthropus, and Orrorin.
Very Early Hominins Three species of very early hominins have made news in the late 20th and early 21st centuries: Ardipithecus, Sahelanthropus.
Although the bipedality of the early specimens was uncertain, several more specimens of Ardipithecus were discovered in the intervening years and demonstrated that the organism was bipedal.
Two different species of Ardipithecus have been identified, A. ramidus and A. kadabba, whose specimens are older, dating to 5.6 MYA.
However, the status of this genus as a human ancestor is uncertain.
It is not thought at this time that this species was an ancestor of modern humans.
A younger species, Orrorin tugenensis, is also a relatively recent discovery, found in 2000.
Some features of Orrorin are more similar to those of modern humans than are the australopithicenes, although Orrorin is much older.
If Orrorin is a human ancestor, then the australopithicenes may not be in the direct human lineage.
Additional specimens of these species may help to clarify their role.
Early Hominins: Genus Australopithecus Australopithecus is a genus of hominin that evolved in eastern Africa approximately four million years ago and went extinct about two million years ago.
our genus, genus Homo, evolved from a common ancestor shared with Australopithecus about two million years ago.
Australopithecus had a number of characteristics that were more similar to the great apes than to modern humans.
For example, sexual dimorphism was more exaggerated than in modern humans.
Males were up to 50 percent larger than females, a ratio that is similar to that seen in modern gorillas and orangutans.
In contrast, modern human males are approximately 15 to 20 percent larger than females.
A key feature that Australopithecus had in common with modern humans was bipedalism, although it is likely that Australopithecus also spent time in trees.
Hominin footprints, similar to those of modern humans, were found in Laetoli, Tanzania and dated to 3.6 million years ago.
They showed that hominins at the time of Australopithecus were walking upright.
Australopithecus anamensis lived about 4.2 million years ago.
This species demonstrates a trend in human evolution: the reduction of the dentition and jaw in size.
Its brain size was 380 to 450 cubic centimeters, approximately the size of a modern chimpanzee brain.
It also had prognathic jaws, which is a relatively longer jaw than that of modern humans.
The fossil, which is informally called "Lucy," is significant because it was the most complete australopith fossil found, with 40 percent of the skeleton recovered.
This adult female Australopithecus afarensis skeleton, nicknamed Lucy, was discovered in the mid-1970s.
Australopithecus africanus lived between two and three million years ago.
It had a slender build and was bipedal, but had robust arm bones and, like other early hominids, may have spent significant time in trees.
Its brain was larger than that of A. afarensis at 500 cubic centimeters, which is slightly less than one-third the size of modern human brains.
Two other species, Australopithecus bahrelghazali and Australopithecus garhi, have been added to the roster of australopiths in recent years.
A. bahrelghazali is unusual in being the only australopith found in Central Africa.
The australopiths had a relatively slender build and teeth that were suited for soft food.
In the past several years, fossils of hominids of a different body type have been found and dated to approximately 2.5 million years ago.
These hominids, of the genus Paranthropus, were muscular, stood 1.3 to 1.4 meters tall, and had large grinding teeth.
These hominids, of the genus Paranthropus, were muscular, stood 1.3 to 1.4 meters tall.
Their molars showed heavy wear, suggesting that they had a coarse and fibrous vegetarian diet as opposed to the partially carnivorous diet of the australopiths.
Paranthropus includes Paranthropus robustus of South Africa, and Paranthropus aethiopicus and Paranthropus boisei of East Africa.
Paranthropus includes Paranthropus robustus of South Africa.
Early Hominins: Genus Homo The human genus, Homo, first appeared between 2.5 and three million years ago.
Compared to A. africanus, H. habilis had a number of features more similar to modern humans.
H. habilis had a jaw that was less prognathic than the australopiths and a larger brain, at 600 to 750 cubic centimeters.
However, H. habilis retained some features of older hominin species, such as long arms.
The name H. habilis means "handy man," which is a reference to the stone tools that have been found with its remains.
It is believed to have originated in East Africa and was the first hominin species to migrate out of Africa.
H. erectus had a number of features that were more similar to modern humans than those of H. habilis.
H. erectus was larger in size than earlier hominins, reaching heights up to 1.85 meters and weighing up to 65 kilograms, which are sizes similar to those of modern humans.
H. erectus had a larger brain than earlier species at 775 to 1,100 cubic centimeters, which compares to the 1,130 to 1,260 cubic centimeters seen in modern human brains.
H. erectus also had a nose with downward-facing nostrils similar to modern humans, rather than the forward-facing nostrils found in other primates.
Longer, downward-facing nostrils allow for the warming of cold air before it enters the lungs and may have been an adaptation to colder climates.
H. erectus is generally thought to have lived until about 50,000 years ago.
Homo erectus had a prominent brow and a nose that pointed downward rather than forward.
Humans: Homo sapiens A number of species, sometimes called archaic Homo sapiens, apparently evolved from H. erectus starting about 500,000 years ago.
These species include Homo heidelbergensis, Homo rhodesiensis, and Homo neanderthalensis.
These species include Homo heidelbergensis, Homo rhodesiensis.
These archaic H. sapiens had a brain size similar to that of modern humans, averaging 1,200 to 1,400 cubic centimeters.
They differed from modern humans by having a thick skull, a prominent brow ridge, and a receding chin.
They differed from modern humans by having a thick skull, a prominent brow ridge.
As discussed earlier, H. erectus migrated out of Africa and into Asia and Europe in the first major wave of migration about 1.5 million years ago.
It is thought that modern humans arose in Africa from H. erectus and migrated out of Africa about 100,000 years ago in a second major migration wave.
Then, modern humans replaced H. erectus species that had migrated into Asia and Europe in the first wave.
This evolutionary timeline is supported by molecular evidence.
One approach to studying the origins of modern humans is to examine mitochondrial DNA from populations around the world.
Because a fetus develops from an egg containing its mother's mitochondria, mtDNA is passed entirely through the maternal line.
Mutations in mtDNA can now be used to estimate the timeline of genetic divergence.
The resulting evidence suggests that all modern humans have mtDNA inherited from a common ancestor that lived in Africa about 160,000 years ago.
Another approach to the molecular understanding of human evolution is to examine the Y chromosome, which is passed from male parent to male offspring.
This evidence suggests that all males today inherited a Y chromosome from a male that lived in Africa about 140,000 years ago.
The study of mitochondrial DNA led to the identification of another human species or subspecies, the Denisovans.
DNA from teeth and finger bones suggested two things.
First, the mitochondrial DNA was different from that of both modern humans and Neanderthals.
Second, the genomic DNA suggested that the Denisovans shared a common ancestor with the Neanderthals.
Genes from both Neanderthals and Denisovans have been identified in modern human populations, indicating that interbreeding among the three groups occurred over part of their range.
Chordata fishes, whose extant members include the hagfishes contains two clades of invertebrates: Urochordata and lampreys.
Hagfishes are eel-like scavengers that and Cephalochordata, together feed on dead invertebrates and other fishes.
Fishes with jaws tunicates live on the ocean floor and are suspension evolved later.
Jaws allowed early gnathostomes to feeders.
Which of the two invertebrate chordate clades exploit new food sources.
Cartilaginous fishes include cranium) is considered to be synonymous with sharks, rays, skates, and ghost sharks.
Cartilaginous fishes include cranium) is considered to be synonymous with sharks, rays, skates.
cartilaginous fishes live in marine habitats, with a few Sphenodontia, Squamata (lizards and species living in fresh water for part or all of their lives.
Bony fishes can be Reptilia.
The most heat, as well as structures such as feathers that allow important characteristic of extant amphibians is a them to retain their own body heat.
These adaptations moist, permeable skin used for cutaneous respiration, are used to regulate their internal temperature, making although lungs are found in the adults of many species.
it largely independent of ambient thermal conditions.
All amphibians are carnivores and possess many small Birds have feathers, which allow for insulation and teeth.
The fossil record provides evidence of amphibian flight, as well as for mating and warning signals.
Flight species, now extinct, that arose over 400 million years feathers have a broad and continuously curved vane ago as the first tetrapods.
Living Amphibia can be that produces lift.
Some birds have pneumatic bones divided into three classes: salamanders, containing air spaces that are sometimes connected to frogs, and caecilians.
Some birds have pneumatic bones divided into three classes: salamanders, containing air spaces that are sometimes connected to frogs.
Airflow through bird lungs amphibians, development occurs in two distinct travels in one direction, creating a counter-current gas stages: a gilled aquatic larval stage that exchange with the blood.
metamorphoses into an adult stage, acquiring lungs Birds are highly modified diapsids and belong to a and legs, and losing the tail in Anurans.
metamorphoses into an adult stage, acquiring lungs Birds are highly modified diapsids and belong to a and legs.
birds are most likely evolved from theropod Various levels of parental care are seen in the dinosaurs.
fossils of a "dinosaur-bird" is that of 29.4 Reptiles Archaeopteryx, which is dated from the Jurassic period.
The early Mammals are vertebrates that possess hair and amniotes diverged into two main lines soon after the mammary glands.
The initial split was into synapsids includes various secretory glands, including sebaceous and sauropsids.
Sauropsids can be further glands, eccrine glands, apocrine glands, and mammary divided into anapsids and diapsids (crocodiles, glands.
Sauropsids can be further glands, eccrine glands, apocrine glands.
Mammals are synapsids, meaning that they have a Reptiles are tetrapods that ancestrally had four limbs; single opening in the skull behind the eye.
Mammals are synapsids, meaning that they have a Reptiles are tetrapods that ancestrally had four limbs.
For example, limbless reptiles are the early Jurassic period.
A key characteristic of classified as tetrapods, because they descended from synapsids is endothermy, and most mammals are ancestors with four limbs.
A key characteristic of classified as tetrapods, because they descended from synapsids is endothermy.
most mammals are ancestors with four limbs.
Monotremes Reptilia includes four living clades of nonavian are unique among mammals as they lay eggs, rather organisms: Crocodilia, than giving birth to young.
Monkeys evolved development in a pouch.
Eutherian mammals are from prosimians during the Eocene epoch.
The simian sometimes called placental mammals, because all line includes both platyrrhine and catarrhine branches.
species possess a complex placenta that connects a Apes evolved from catarrhines in Africa during the fetus to the mother, allowing for gas, fluid, and nutrient Miocene epoch.
species possess a complex placenta that connects a Apes evolved from catarrhines in Africa during the fetus to the mother, allowing for gas, fluid.
Apes are divided into the lesser apes exchange.
All mammals nourish their young with milk, and the greater apes.
All mammals nourish their young with milk.
Hominins include those groups which is derived from modified sweat or sebaceous that gave rise to our own species, such as glands.
ancestors, although not all living species are arboreal.
Primates are divided into two groups: emerges.
The allantois stores nitrogenous waste and a. The dorsal hollow nerve cord is part of the facilitates respiration.
The yolk provides food for the growing become the gills.
c. Humans are not chordates because d.
humans do not have a tail.
d. Vertebrates do not have a notochord at 3.
However, molecular studies indicate that turtles descended from a diapsid 2.
Members of Chondrichthyes differ from 5.
Members of Chondrichthyes are thought to be chordates that can also be classified into which descended from fishes that had ________.
a. a cartilaginous skeleton c. Enantiornithes b. a bony skeleton d. Paleognathae c. mucus glands d. slime glands 16.
Which of the following feather types helps to reduce drag produced by wind resistance during 9.
Upon examination, she a. Flight feathers determines that the species has a b. Primary feathers predominantly cartilaginous skeleton and a c. Secondary feathers swim bladder.
Eccrine glands produce ________.
Which of the following is not true of 18.
a. It was aquatic.
It had gills.
It had four limbs.
It laid shelled eggs.
The evolution of which of the following features 11.
During the Mesozoic period, diapsids diverged into_______.
erectus d. Homo sapiens sapiens 14.
A bird or feathered dinosaur is ________.
What are the characteristic features of the 32.
What can be inferred about the evolution of the for flight in birds.
How did the evolution of jaw musculature allow 29.
Why is it so difficult to determine the sequence 30.