# Biology2e Chapter 30 — Plant Form and Physiology
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 822

A locust leaf consists of leaflets arrayed along a central midrib.
Each leaflet is a complex photosynthetic machine, exquisitely adapted to capture sunlight and carbon dioxide.
An intricate vascular system supplies the leaf with water and minerals, and exports the products of photosynthesis.
An intricate vascular system supplies the leaf with water and minerals.
INTRODUCTION Plants are as essential to human existence as land, water, and air.
INTRODUCTION Plants are as essential to human existence as land, water.
Without plants, our day-to-day lives would be impossible because without oxygen from photosynthesis, aerobic life cannot be sustained.
From providing food and shelter to serving as a source of medicines, oils, perfumes, and industrial products, plants provide humans with numerous valuable resources.
industrial products, plants provide humans with numerous valuable resources.
These plants have tissues that conduct food and water, and most of them have seeds.
These plants have tissues that conduct food and water.
Seed plants are divided into gymnosperms and angiosperms.
Gymnosperms include the needle-leaved conifers—spruce, fir, and pine—as well as less familiar plants, such as ginkgos and cycads.
Gymnosperms include the needle-leaved conifers—spruce, fir.
Their seeds are not enclosed by a fleshy fruit.
Angiosperms, also called flowering plants, constitute the majority of seed plants.
While individual plant species are unique, all share a common structure: a plant body consisting of stems, roots, and leaves.
While individual plant species are unique, all share a common structure: a plant body consisting of stems, roots.
All plant species also respond to environmental factors, such as light, gravity, competition, temperature, and predation.
All plant species also respond to environmental factors, such as light, gravity, competition, temperature.
Like animals, plants contain cells with organelles in which specific metabolic activities take place.
Unlike animals, however, plants use energy from sunlight to form sugars during photosynthesis.
In addition, plant cells have cell walls, plastids, and a large central vacuole: structures that are not found in animal cells.
In addition, plant cells have cell walls, plastids.
Each of these cellular structures plays a specific role in plant structure and function.
Plant Organ Systems In plants, just as in animals, similar cells working together form a tissue.
When different types of tissues work together to perform a unique function, they form an organ; organs working together form organ systems.
When different types of tissues work together to perform a unique function, they form an organ.
Vascular plants have two distinct organ systems: a shoot system, and a root system.
Vascular plants have two distinct organ systems: a shoot system.
The shoot system generally grows above ground, where it absorbs the light needed for photosynthesis.
The root system, which supports the plants and absorbs water and minerals, is usually underground.
The shoot system of a plant consists of leaves, stems, flowers, and fruits.
The shoot system of a plant consists of leaves, stems, flowers.
The root system anchors the plant while absorbing water and minerals from the soil.
Plant Tissues Plants are multicellular eukaryotes with tissue systems made of various cell types that carry out specific functions.
Plant tissue systems fall into one of two general types: meristematic tissue, and permanent tissue.
Plant tissue systems fall into one of two general types: meristematic tissue.
Cells of the meristematic tissue are found in meristems, which are plant regions of continuous cell division and growth.
Meristematic tissue cells are either undifferentiated or incompletely differentiated, and they continue to divide and contribute to the growth of the plant.
Meristematic tissue cells are either undifferentiated or incompletely differentiated.
they continue to divide and contribute to the growth of the plant.
In contrast, permanent tissue consists of plant cells that are no longer actively dividing.
Meristematic tissues consist of three types, based on their location in the plant.
Apical meristems contain meristematic tissue located at the tips of stems and roots, which enable a plant to extend in length.
Intercalary meristems occur only in monocots, at the bases of leaf blades and at nodes.
This tissue enables the monocot leaf blade to increase in length from the leaf base; for example, it allows lawn grass leaves to elongate even after repeated mowing.
This tissue enables the monocot leaf blade to increase in length from the leaf base.
for example, it allows lawn grass leaves to elongate even after repeated mowing.
Meristems produce cells that quickly differentiate, or specialize, and become permanent tissue.
Meristems produce cells that quickly differentiate, or specialize.
Meristems produce cells that quickly differentiate.
Such cells take on specific roles and lose their ability to divide further.
They differentiate into three main types: dermal, vascular, and ground tissue.
They differentiate into three main types: dermal, vascular.
Ground tissue serves as a site for photosynthesis, provides a supporting matrix for the vascular tissue, and helps to store water and sugars.
Ground tissue serves as a site for photosynthesis, provides a supporting matrix for the vascular tissue.
Secondary tissues are either simple or complex.
Dermal tissue, for example, is a simple tissue that covers the outer surface of the plant and controls gas exchange.
Vascular tissue is an example of a complex tissue, and is made of two specialized conducting tissues: xylem and phloem.
Vascular tissue is an example of a complex tissue.
Unlike xylem conducting cells, phloem conducting cells are alive at maturity.
In stems, the xylem and the phloem form a structure called a vascular bundle; in roots, this is termed the vascular stele or vascular cylinder.
In stems, the xylem and the phloem form a structure called a vascular bundle.
in roots, this is termed the vascular stele or vascular cylinder.
This light micrograph shows a cross section of a squash root.
Each teardrop-shaped vascular bundle consists of large xylem vessels toward the inside and smaller phloem cells toward the outside.
Xylem cells, which transport water and nutrients from the roots to the rest of the plant, are dead at functional maturity.
The vascular bundles are encased in ground tissue and surrounded by dermal tissue.
Stems are a part of the shoot system of a plant.
They may range in length from a few millimeters to hundreds of meters, and also vary in diameter, depending on the plant type.
They may range in length from a few millimeters to hundreds of meters.
Stems are usually above ground, although the stems of some plants, such as the potato, also grow underground.
Stems may be herbaceous or woody in nature.
Their main function is to provide support to the plant, holding leaves, flowers and buds.
A stem may be unbranched, like that of a palm tree, or it may be highly branched, like that of a magnolia tree.
A stem may be unbranched, like that of a palm tree.
it may be highly branched, like that of a magnolia tree.
The stem of the plant connects the roots to the leaves, helping to transport absorbed water and minerals to different parts of the plant.
It also helps to transport the products of photosynthesis, namely sugars, from the leaves to the rest of the plant.
Nodes are points of attachment for leaves, aerial roots, and flowers.
Nodes are points of attachment for leaves, aerial roots.
The stalk that extends from the stem to the base of the leaf is the petiole.
An axillary bud is usually found in the axil—the area between the base of a leaf and the stem—where it can give rise to a branch or a flower.
The apex of the shoot contains the apical meristem within the apical bud.
An internode is the stem region between two nodes.
The petiole is the stalk connecting the leaf to the stem.
The leaves just above the nodes arose from axillary buds.
They are found in the stem, the root, the inside of the leaf, and the pulp of the fruit.
They are found in the stem, the root, the inside of the leaf.
and they help repair and heal wounds.
Some parenchyma cells also store starch.
The stem of common St John's Wort is shown in cross section in this light micrograph.
The central pith and peripheral cortex are composed of parenchyma cells.
Vascular tissue composed of xylem and phloem tissue surrounds the pith.
They provide structural support, mainly to the stem and leaves.
These cells are alive at maturity and are usually found below the epidermis.
The "strings" of a celery stalk are an example of collenchyma cells.
They provide support to plant structures.
Sclerenchyma cells also provide support to the plant, but unlike collenchyma cells, many of them are dead at maturity.
Both types have secondary cell walls that are thickened with deposits of lignin, an organic compound that is a key component of wood.
Fibers are long, slender cells; sclereids are smaller-sized.
Fibers are long, slender cells.
sclereids are smaller-sized.
Sclereids give pears their gritty texture.
The central pith and outer cortex of the flax stem are made up of parenchyma cells.
In this drawing, fourteenth-century women prepare linen.
Like the rest of the plant, the stem has three tissue systems: dermal, vascular, and ground tissue.
Like the rest of the plant, the stem has three tissue systems: dermal, vascular.
Each is distinguished by characteristic cell types that perform specific tasks necessary for the plant's growth and survival.
Dermal Tissue The dermal tissue of the stem consists primarily of epidermis, a single layer of cells covering and protecting the underlying tissue.
Woody plants have a tough, waterproof outer layer of cork cells commonly known as bark, which further protects the plant from damage.
Epidermal cells are the most numerous and least differentiated of the cells in the epidermis.
Trichomes are hair-like structures on the epidermal surface.
They help to reduce transpiration, increase solar reflectance, and store compounds that defend the leaves against predation by herbivores.
They help to reduce transpiration, increase solar reflectance.
The colorized scanning-electron micrograph shows a closed stoma of a dicot.
Each stoma is flanked by two guard cells that regulate its opening and closing.
The guard cells sit within the layer of epidermal cells.
When the stem is viewed in cross section, the vascular bundles of dicot stems are arranged in a ring.
In plants with stems that live for more than one year, the individual bundles grow together and produce the characteristic growth rings.
The xylem tissue is located toward the interior of the vascular bundle, and phloem is located toward the exterior.
The xylem tissue is located toward the interior of the vascular bundle.
phloem is located toward the exterior.
Sclerenchyma fibers cap the vascular bundles.
In monocot stems, vascular bundles composed of xylem and phloem tissues are scattered throughout the ground tissue.
Xylem tissue has three types of cells: xylem parenchyma, tracheids, and vessel elements.
Xylem tissue has three types of cells: xylem parenchyma, tracheids.
The latter two types conduct water and are dead at maturity.
Tracheids are xylem cells with thick secondary cell walls that are lignified.
Water moves from one tracheid to another through regions on the side walls known as pits, where secondary walls are absent.
Vessel elements are xylem cells with thinner walls; they are shorter than tracheids.
Vessel elements are xylem cells with thinner walls.
they are shorter than tracheids.
Each vessel element is connected to the next by means of a perforation plate at the end walls of the element.
Water moves through the perforation plates to travel up the plant.
Phloem tissue is composed of sieve-tube cells, companion cells, phloem parenchyma, and phloem fibers.
Phloem tissue is composed of sieve-tube cells, companion cells, phloem parenchyma.
The sugars flow from one sieve-tube cell to the next through perforated sieve plates, which are found at the end junctions between two cells.
Companion cells are found alongside the sieve-tube cells, providing them with metabolic support.
The companion cells contain more ribosomes and mitochondria than the sieve-tube cells, which lack some cellular organelles.
Ground Tissue Ground tissue is mostly made up of parenchyma cells, but may also contain collenchyma and sclerenchyma cells that help support the stem.
Some plants, especially those that are woody, also increase in thickness during their life span.
The increase in length of the shoot and the root is referred to as primary growth, and is the result of cell division in the shoot apical meristem.
The increase in length of the shoot and the root is referred to as primary growth.
Secondary growth is characterized by an increase in thickness or girth of the plant, and is caused by cell division in the lateral meristem.
Secondary growth is characterized by an increase in thickness or girth of the plant.
Herbaceous plants mostly undergo primary growth, with hardly any secondary growth or increase in thickness.
Secondary growth or "wood" is noticeable in woody plants; it occurs in some dicots, but occurs very rarely in monocots.
Secondary growth or "wood" is noticeable in woody plants.
it occurs in some dicots, but occurs very rarely in monocots.
The bark of a tree extends from the vascular cambium to the epidermis.
Some plant parts, such as stems and roots, continue to grow throughout a plant's life: a phenomenon called indeterminate growth.
Primary Growth Most primary growth occurs at the apices, or tips, of stems and roots.
Primary Growth Most primary growth occurs at the apices.
Primary growth is a result of rapidly dividing cells in the apical meristems at the shoot tip and root tip.
Subsequent cell elongation also contributes to primary growth.
The growth of shoots and roots during primary growth enables plants to continuously seek water or sunlight.
If the apical bud is removed, then the axillary buds will start forming lateral branches.
The increase in stem thickness that results from secondary growth is due to the activity of the lateral meristems, which are lacking in herbaceous plants.
The vascular cambium is located just outside the primary xylem and to the interior of the primary phloem.
The cells of the secondary xylem contain lignin, which provides hardiness and strength.
In woody plants, cork cambium is the outermost lateral meristem.
It produces cork cells containing a waxy substance known as suberin that can repel water.
The bark protects the plant against physical damage and helps reduce water loss.
The cork cambium also produces a layer of cells known as phelloderm, which grows inward from the cambium.
phelloderm are collectively termed the periderm.
The periderm substitutes for the epidermis in mature plants.
This supplies oxygen to the living and metabolically active cells of the cortex, xylem, and phloem.
This supplies oxygen to the living and metabolically active cells of the cortex, xylem.
The activity of the vascular cambium gives rise to annual growth rings.
This is known as early wood, or spring wood.
This is known as early wood.
During the fall season, the secondary xylem develops thickened cell walls, forming late wood, or autumn wood, which is denser than early wood.
During the fall season, the secondary xylem develops thickened cell walls, forming late wood.
A rhizome is a modified stem that grows horizontally underground and has nodes and internodes.
Vertical shoots may arise from the buds on the rhizome of some plants, such as ginger and ferns.
Corms are similar to rhizomes, except they are more rounded and fleshy.
Corms contain stored food that enables some plants to survive the winter.
Stolons are stems that run almost parallel to the ground, or just below the surface, and can give rise to new plants at the nodes.
Stolons are stems that run almost parallel to the ground, or just below the surface.
Stolons are stems that run almost parallel to the ground.
Runners are a type of stolon that runs above the ground and produces new clone plants at nodes at varying intervals: strawberries are an example.
Tubers are modified stems that may store starch, as seen in the potato.
Tubers arise as swollen ends of stolons, and contain many adventitious or unusual buds.
Tubers arise as swollen ends of stolons.
Tendrils are slender, twining strands that enable a plant to seek support by climbing on other surfaces.
Thorns are modified branches appearing as sharp outgrowths that protect the plant; common examples include roses, Osage orange, and devil's walking stick.
Thorns are modified branches appearing as sharp outgrowths that protect the plant.
common examples include roses, Osage orange, and devil's walking stick.
Thorns are modified branches appearing as sharp outgrowths that protect the plant; common examples include roses, Osage orange.
This one is shown climbing up a wooden stake.
Thorns are modified branches.
The roots of seed plants have three major functions: anchoring the plant to the soil, absorbing water and minerals and transporting them upwards, and storing the products of photosynthesis.
The roots of seed plants have three major functions: anchoring the plant to the soil, absorbing water and minerals and transporting them upwards.
Most roots are underground.
Some plants, however, also have adventitious roots, which emerge above the ground from the shoot.
Dicots have a tap root system, while monocots have a fibrous root system.
Dicots have a tap root system.
monocots have a fibrous root system.
A tap root system has a main root that grows down vertically, and from which many smaller lateral roots arise.
A tap root system has a main root that grows down vertically.
from which many smaller lateral roots arise.
Dandelions are a good example; their tap roots usually break off when trying to pull these weeds, and they can regrow another shoot from the remaining root.
Dandelions are a good example.
their tap roots usually break off when trying to pull these weeds, and they can regrow another shoot from the remaining root.
Dandelions are a good example; their tap roots usually break off when trying to pull these weeds.
they can regrow another shoot from the remaining root.
A tap root system penetrates deep into the soil.
Some plants have a combination of tap roots and fibrous roots.
Plants that grow in dry areas often have deep root systems, whereas plants growing in areas with abundant water are likely to have shallower root systems.
Plants that grow in dry areas often have deep root systems.
plants growing in areas with abundant water are likely to have shallower root systems.
Root Growth and Anatomy Root growth begins with seed germination.
When the plant embryo emerges from the seed, the radicle of the embryo forms the root system.
The tip of the root is protected by the root cap, a structure exclusive to roots and unlike any other plant structure.
The root cap is continuously replaced because it gets damaged easily as the root pushes through soil.
The zone of cell division is closest to the root tip; it is made up of the actively dividing cells of the root meristem.
The zone of cell division is closest to the root tip.
it is made up of the actively dividing cells of the root meristem.
The zone of elongation is where the newly formed cells increase in length, thereby lengthening the root.
All three zones are in the first centimeter or so of the root tip.
A longitudinal view of the root reveals the zones of cell division, elongation, and maturation.
A longitudinal view of the root reveals the zones of cell division, elongation.
Cell division occurs in the apical meristem.
The root has an outer layer of cells called the epidermis, which surrounds areas of ground tissue and vascular tissue.
The epidermis provides protection and helps in absorption.
Root hairs, which are extensions of root epidermal cells, increase the surface area of the root, greatly contributing to the absorption of water and minerals.
Compared to stems, roots have lots of cortex and little pith.
Both regions include cells that store photosynthetic products.
The cortex is between the epidermis and the vascular tissue, whereas the pith lies between the vascular tissue and the center of the root.
The cortex is between the epidermis and the vascular tissue.
the pith lies between the vascular tissue and the center of the root.
Sclerenchyma cells of the exodermis and xylem cells stain red, and phloem cells stain blue.
Sclerenchyma cells of the exodermis and xylem cells stain red.
phloem cells stain blue.
Other cell types stain black.
The stele, or vascular tissue, is the area inside endodermis.
vascular tissue, is the area inside endodermis.
Root hairs are visible outside the epidermis.
A layer of cells known as the endodermis separates the stele from the ground tissue in the outer portion of the root.
The endodermis is exclusive to roots, and serves as a checkpoint for materials entering the root's vascular system.
The endodermis is exclusive to roots.
A waxy substance called suberin is present on the walls of the endodermal cells.
This waxy region, known as the Casparian strip, forces water and solutes to cross the plasma membranes of endodermal cells instead of slipping between the cells.
This ensures that only materials required by the root pass through the endodermis, while toxic substances and pathogens are generally excluded.
This ensures that only materials required by the root pass through the endodermis.
toxic substances and pathogens are generally excluded.
The outermost cell layer of the root's vascular tissue is the pericycle, an area that can give rise to lateral roots.
In typical monocots, the phloem cells and the larger xylem cells form a characteristic ring around the central pith.
Root Modifications Root structures may be modified for specific purposes.
For example, some roots are bulbous and store starch.
Aerial roots and prop roots are two forms of aboveground roots that provide additional support to anchor the plant.
Many vegetables are modified roots.
Epiphytic roots enable a plant to grow on another plant.
For example, the epiphytic roots of orchids develop a spongy tissue to absorb moisture.
The banyan tree, also known as the strangler fig, begins life as an epiphyte in a host tree.
Aerial roots extend to the ground and support the growing plant, which eventually strangles the host tree.
The screwpine develops aboveground roots that help support the plant in sandy soils.
Leaves are the main sites for photosynthesis: the process by which plants synthesize food.
Most leaves are usually green, due to the presence of chlorophyll in the leaf cells.
However, some leaves may have different colors, caused by other plant pigments that mask the green chlorophyll.
The thickness, shape, and size of leaves are adapted to the environment.
size of leaves are adapted to the environment.
Each variation helps a plant species maximize its chances of survival in a particular habitat.
Structure of a Typical Leaf Each leaf typically has a leaf blade called the lamina, which is also the widest part of the leaf.
Some leaves are attached to the plant stem by a petiole.
Small green appendages usually found at the base of the petiole are known as stipules.
Most leaves have a midrib, which travels the length of the leaf and branches to each side to produce veins of vascular tissue.
Monocots have parallel venation; the veins run in straight lines across the length of the leaf without converging at a point.
Monocots have parallel venation.
the veins run in straight lines across the length of the leaf without converging at a point.
In dicots, however, the veins of the leaf have a net-like appearance, forming a pattern known as reticulate venation.
One extant plant, the Ginkgo biloba, has dichotomous venation where the veins fork.
The netlike venation in this linden leaf distinguishes it as a dicot.
The Ginkgo biloba tree has dichotomous venation.
The arrangement of leaves on a stem is known as phyllotaxy.
Leaves are classified as either alternate, spiral, or opposite.
Leaves are classified as either alternate, spiral.
In an opposite leaf arrangement, two leaves arise at the same point, with the leaves connecting opposite each other along the branch.
In a simple leaf, the blade is either completely undivided—as in the banana leaf—or it has lobes, but the separation does not reach the midrib, as in the maple leaf.
In a compound leaf, the leaf blade is completely divided, forming leaflets, as in the locust tree.
Each leaflet may have its own stalk, but is attached to the rachis.
A palmately compound leaf resembles the palm of a hand, with leaflets radiating outwards from one point.
Examples include the leaves of poison ivy, the buckeye tree, or the familiar houseplant Schefflera sp..
Examples include the leaves of poison ivy, the buckeye tree.
In simple leaves, the lamina is continuous.
The banana plant has simple leaves.
In compound leaves, the lamina is separated into leaflets.
Compound leaves may be palmate or pinnate.
The honey locust has double compound leaves, in which leaflets branch from the veins.
Botanists call the upper side the adaxial surface and the lower side the abaxial surface.
The epidermis helps in the regulation of gas exchange.
Two guard cells surround each stoma, regulating its opening and closing.
At 5,000x magnification, the guard cells of a single stoma from lyre-leaved sand cress have the appearance of lips that surround the opening.
In this light micrograph cross-section of an A. lyrata leaf, the guard cell pair is visible along with the large, sub-stomatal air space in the leaf.
A waxy layer known as the cuticle covers the leaves of all plant species.
The cuticle reduces the rate of water loss from the leaf surface.
Other leaves may have small hairs on the leaf surface.
Leaf trichomes include branched trichomes on the leaf of Arabidopsis lyrata and multibranched trichomes on a mature Quercus marilandica leaf.
The palisade parenchyma has column-shaped, tightly packed cells, and may be present in one, two, or three layers.
The palisade parenchyma has column-shaped, tightly packed cells.
The palisade parenchyma has column-shaped, tightly packed cells, and may be present in one, two.
These are the cells of the spongy parenchyma.
The air space found between the spongy parenchyma cells allows gaseous exchange between the leaf and the outside atmosphere through the stomata.
In aquatic plants, the intercellular spaces in the spongy parenchyma help the leaf float.
Both layers of the mesophyll contain many chloroplasts.
Guard cells are the only epidermal cells to contain chloroplasts.
The mesophyll has two layers: an upper palisade layer comprised of tightly packed, columnar cells, and a lower spongy layer, comprised of loosely packed, irregularly shaped cells.
The mesophyll has two layers: an upper palisade layer comprised of tightly packed, columnar cells.
Stomata on the leaf underside allow gas exchange.
A waxy cuticle covers all aerial surfaces of land plants to minimize water loss.
These leaf layers are clearly visible in the scanning electron micrograph.
The numerous small bumps in the palisade parenchyma cells are chloroplasts.
Chloroplasts are also present in the spongy parenchyma, but are not as obvious.
The xylem consists of tracheids and vessels, which transport water and minerals to the leaves.
The phloem transports the photosynthetic products from the leaf to the other parts of the plant.
A single vascular bundle, no matter how large or small, always contains both xylem and phloem tissues.
This scanning electron micrograph shows xylem and phloem in the leaf vascular bundle from the lyre-leaved sand cress.
Leaf Adaptations Coniferous plant species that thrive in cold environments, like spruce, fir, and pine, have leaves that are reduced in size and needle-like in appearance.
pine, have leaves that are reduced in size and needle-like in appearance.
These needle-like leaves have sunken stomata and a smaller surface area: two attributes that aid in reducing water loss.
Many aquatic plants have leaves with wide lamina that can float on the surface of the water, and a thick waxy cuticle on the leaf surface that repels water.
Many aquatic plants have leaves with wide lamina that can float on the surface of the water.
In tropical rainforests, light is often scarce, since many trees and plants grow close together and block much of the sunlight from reaching the forest floor.
Many tropical plant species have exceptionally broad leaves to maximize the capture of sunlight.
Other species are epiphytes: plants that grow on other plants that serve as a physical support.
Such plants are able to grow high up in the canopy atop the branches of other trees, where sunlight is more plentiful.
Epiphytes live on rain and minerals collected in the branches and leaves of the supporting plant.
Many epiphytes have specialized tissues that enable them to efficiently capture and store water.
Some plants have special adaptations that help them to survive in nutrient-poor environments.
The Venus flytrap has modified leaves that can capture insects.
When an unlucky insect touches the trigger hairs inside the leaf, the trap suddenly closes.
The opening of the pitcher plant is lined with a slippery wax.
The plant then absorbs the smaller molecules.
Many swamp plants have adaptations that enable them to thrive in wet areas, where their roots grow submerged underwater.
In these aquatic areas, the soil is unstable and little oxygen is available to reach the roots.
Some species of mangroves, as well as cypress trees, have pneumatophores: upward-growing roots containing pores and pockets of tissue specialized for gas exchange.
Wild rice is an aquatic plant with large air spaces in the root cortex.
The air-filled tissue—called aerenchyma—provides a path for oxygen to diffuse down to the root tips, which are embedded in oxygen-poor bottom sediments.
The branches of mangrove trees develop aerial roots, which descend to the ground and help to anchor the trees.
Cypress trees and some mangrove species have upward-growing roots called pneumatophores that are involved in gas exchange.
Aquatic plants such as wild rice have large spaces in the root cortex called aerenchyma, visualized here using scanning electron microscopy.
The phloem and xylem are the main tissues responsible for this movement.
To understand how these processes work, we must first understand the energetics of water potential.
Water Potential Plants are phenomenal hydraulic engineers.
Plants achieve this because of water potential.
Plant roots can easily generate enough force to buckle and break concrete sidewalks, much to the dismay of homeowners and city maintenance departments.
Water potential is a measure of the potential energy in water.
Plant physiologists are not interested in the energy in any one particular aqueous system, but are very interested in water movement between two systems.
In practical terms, therefore, water potential is the difference in potential energy between a given water sample and pure water.
Water potential is denoted by the Greek letter ψ and is expressed in units of pressure called megapascals.
The potential of pure water is, by convenience of definition, designated a value of zero.
Water potential values for the water in a plant root, stem, or leaf are therefore expressed relative to Ψwpure H2O.
leaf are therefore expressed relative to Ψwpure H2O.
The water potential in plant solutions is influenced by solute concentration, pressure, gravity, and factors called matrix effects.
The water potential in plant solutions is influenced by solute concentration, pressure, gravity.
where Ψs, Ψp, Ψg, and Ψm refer to the solute, pressure, gravity, and matric potentials, respectively.
Ψm refer to the solute, pressure, gravity.
When this happens, water moves to equilibrate, moving from the system or compartment with a higher water potential to the system or compartment with a lower water potential.
This brings the difference in water potential between the two systems back to zero.
Water only moves in response to ΔΨ, not in response to the individual components.
However, because the individual components influence the total Ψsystem, by manipulating the individual components, a plant can control water movement.
Solute Potential Solute potential, also called osmotic potential, is related to the solute concentration.
The solute potential is negative in a plant cell and zero in distilled water.
Typical values for cell cytoplasm are –0.5 to –1.0 MPa.
Solutes reduce water potential by consuming some of the potential energy available in the water.
Solute molecules can dissolve in water because water molecules can bind to them via hydrogen bonds; a hydrophobic molecule like oil, which cannot bind to water, cannot go into solution.
Solute molecules can dissolve in water because water molecules can bind to them via hydrogen bonds.
a hydrophobic molecule like oil, which cannot bind to water, cannot go into solution.
The energy in the hydrogen bonds between solute molecules and water is no longer available to do work in the system because it is tied up in the bond.
In other words, the amount of available potential energy is reduced when solutes are added to an aqueous system.
Because Ψs is one of the four components of Ψsystem or Ψtotal, a decrease in Ψs will cause a decrease in Ψtotal.
This is why solute potential is sometimes called osmotic potential.
Plant cells can metabolically manipulate Ψs by adding or removing solute molecules.
Therefore, plants have control over Ψtotal via their ability to exert metabolic control over Ψs.
Water moves in response to the difference in water potential between two systems.
Positive water potential is placed on the left side of the tube by increasing Ψp such that the water level rises on the right side.
Because pressure is an expression of energy, the higher the pressure, the more potential energy in a system, and vice versa.
Because pressure is an expression of energy, the higher the pressure, the more potential energy in a system.
Therefore, a positive Ψp increases Ψtotal, and a negative Ψp decreases Ψtotal.
Therefore, a positive Ψp increases Ψtotal.
a negative Ψp decreases Ψtotal.
Positive pressure inside cells is contained by the cell wall, producing turgor pressure.
Pressure potentials are typically around 0.6–0.8 MPa, but can reach as high as 1.5 MPa in a well-watered plant.
A Ψp of 1.5 MPa equates to 210 pounds per square inch.
As a comparison, most automobile tires are kept at a pressure of 30–34 psi.
Water is lost from the leaves via transpiration and restored by uptake via the roots.
A plant can manipulate Ψp via its ability to manipulate Ψs and by the process of osmosis.
Ψp is also under indirect plant control via the opening and closing of stomata.
When total water potential is lower outside the cells than inside, water moves out of the cells and the plant wilts.
When the total water potential is higher outside the plant cells than inside, water moves into the cells, resulting in turgor pressure and keeping the plant erect.
Gravity Potential Gravity potential is always negative to zero in a plant with no height.
It always removes or consumes potential energy from the system.
The force of gravity pulls water downwards to the soil, reducing the total amount of potential energy in the water in the plant.
On a cellular scale and in short plants, this effect is negligible and easily ignored.
Plants are unable to manipulate Ψg.
Matric Potential Matric potential is always negative to zero.
In a dry system, it can be as low as –2 MPa in a dry seed, and it is zero in a water-saturated system.
In a dry system, it can be as low as –2 MPa in a dry seed.
it is zero in a water-saturated system.
The binding of water to a matrix always removes or consumes potential energy from the system.
Ψm is similar to solute potential because it involves tying up the energy in an aqueous system by forming hydrogen bonds between the water and some other component.
However, in solute potential, the other components are soluble, hydrophilic solute molecules, whereas in Ψm, the other components are insoluble, hydrophilic molecules of the plant cell wall.
However, in solute potential, the other components are soluble, hydrophilic solute molecules.
in Ψm, the other components are insoluble, hydrophilic molecules of the plant cell wall.
Every plant cell has a cellulosic cell wall and the cellulose in the cell walls is hydrophilic, producing a matrix for adhesion of water: hence the name matric potential.
Ψm is very large in dry tissues such as seeds or drought-affected soils.
However, it quickly goes to zero as the seed takes up water or the soil hydrates.
Ψm cannot be manipulated by the plant and is typically ignored in well-watered roots, stems, and leaves.
Ψm cannot be manipulated by the plant and is typically ignored in well-watered roots, stems.
Movement of Water and Minerals in the Xylem Solutes, pressure, gravity, and matric potential are all important for the transport of water in plants.
matric potential are all important for the transport of water in plants.
Water moves from an area of higher total water potential to an area of lower total water potential.
Gibbs free energy is the energy associated with a chemical reaction that can be used to do work.
This is expressed as ΔΨ.
Transpiration is the loss of water from the plant through evaporation at the leaf surface.
It is the main driver of water movement in the xylem.
Transpiration is caused by the evaporation of water at the leaf–atmosphere interface; it creates negative pressure equivalent to –2 MPa at the leaf surface.
Transpiration is caused by the evaporation of water at the leaf–atmosphere interface.
it creates negative pressure equivalent to –2 MPa at the leaf surface.
This value varies greatly depending on the vapor pressure deficit, which can be negligible at high relative humidity and substantial at low RH.
Water from the roots is pulled up by this tension.
Inside the leaf at the cellular level, water on the surface of mesophyll cells saturates the cellulose microfibrils of the primary cell wall.
The leaf contains many large intercellular air spaces for the exchange of oxygen for carbon dioxide, which is required for photosynthesis.
The xylem vessels and tracheids are structurally adapted to cope with large changes in pressure.
Rings in the vessels maintain their tubular shape, much like the rings on a vacuum cleaner hose keep the hose open while it is under pressure.
Small perforations between vessel elements reduce the number and size of gas bubbles that can form via a process called cavitation.
In larger trees, the resulting embolisms can plug xylem vessels, making them nonfunctional.
Evaporation from the mesophyll cells produces a negative water potential gradient that causes water to move upwards from the roots through the xylem.
a. Negative water potential draws water into the root hairs.
Cohesion and adhesion draw water up the xylem.
Transpiration draws water from the leaf.
Negative water potential draws water into the root hairs.
Cohesion and adhesion draw water up the phloem.
d. Water enters the plants through root hairs and exits through stoma.
Transpiration—the loss of water vapor to the atmosphere through stomata—is a passive process, meaning that metabolic energy in the form of ATP is not required for water movement.
The energy driving transpiration is the difference in energy between the water in the soil and the water in the atmosphere.
However, transpiration is tightly controlled.
Up to 90 percent of the water taken up by roots may be lost through transpiration.
Leaves are covered by a waxy cuticle on the outer surface that prevents the loss of water.
Regulation of transpiration, therefore, is achieved primarily through the opening and closing of stomata on the leaf surface.
When stomata are open, however, water vapor is lost to the external environment, increasing the rate of transpiration.
Therefore, plants must maintain a balance between efficient photosynthesis and water loss.
Such plants usually have a much thicker waxy cuticle than those growing in more moderate, well-watered environments.
Aquatic plants also have their own set of anatomical and morphological leaf adaptations.
Xerophytes, like this prickly pear cactus and epiphytes such as this tropical Aeschynanthus perrottetii have adapted to very limited water resources.
The leaves of a prickly pear are modified into spines, which lowers the surface-to-volume ratio and reduces water loss.
Photosynthesis takes place in the stem, which also stores water.
A. perottetii leaves have a waxy cuticle that prevents water loss.
Goldenrod is a mesophyte, well suited for moderate environments.
Hydrophytes, like this fragrant water lily, are adapted to thrive in aquatic environments.
Xerophytes and epiphytes often have a thick covering of trichomes or of stomata that are sunken below the leaf's surface.
Trichomes are specialized hair-like epidermal cells that secrete oils and substances.
These adaptations impede air flow across the stomatal pore and reduce transpiration.
Multiple epidermal layers are also commonly found in these types of plants.
Transportation of Photosynthates in the Phloem Plants need an energy source to grow.
In seeds and bulbs, food is stored in polymers that are converted by metabolic processes into sucrose for newly developing plants.
Once green shoots and leaves are growing, plants are able to produce their own food by photosynthesizing.
Structures that produce photosynthates for the growing plant are referred to as sources.
Sugars produced in sources, such as leaves, need to be delivered to growing parts of the plant via the phloem in a process called translocation.
Seeds, tubers, and bulbs can be either a source or a sink, depending on the plant's stage of development and the season.
bulbs can be either a source or a sink, depending on the plant's stage of development and the season.
The products from the source are usually translocated to the nearest sink through the phloem.
For example, the highest leaves will send photosynthates upward to the growing shoot tip, whereas lower leaves will direct photosynthates downward to the roots.
For example, the highest leaves will send photosynthates upward to the growing shoot tip.
lower leaves will direct photosynthates downward to the roots.
Intermediate leaves will send products in both directions, unlike the flow in the xylem, which is always unidirectional.
Photosynthates are directed primarily to the roots early on, to shoots and leaves during vegetative growth, and to seeds and fruits during reproductive development.
Photosynthates are directed primarily to the roots early on, to shoots and leaves during vegetative growth.
They are also directed to tubers for storage.
From there they are translocated through the phloem to where they are used or stored.
Mesophyll cells are connected by cytoplasmic channels called plasmodesmata.
Photosynthates move through these channels to reach phloem sieve- tube elements in the vascular bundles.
From the mesophyll cells, the photosynthates are loaded into the phloem STEs.
The sucrose is actively transported against its concentration gradient into the phloem cells using the electrochemical potential of the proton gradient.
This is coupled to the uptake of sucrose with a carrier protein called the sucrose-H+ symporter.
Phloem STEs have reduced cytoplasmic contents, and are connected by a sieve plate with pores that allow for pressure-driven bulk flow, or translocation, of phloem sap.
Phloem STEs have reduced cytoplasmic contents.
Phloem STEs have reduced cytoplasmic contents, and are connected by a sieve plate with pores that allow for pressure-driven bulk flow.
Companion cells are associated with STEs.
Phloem is comprised of cells called sieve-tube elements.
Neighboring companion cells carry out metabolic functions for the sieve-tube elements and provide them with energy.
Lateral sieve areas connect the sieve-tube elements to the companion cells.
Once in the phloem, the photosynthates are translocated to the closest sink.
Phloem sap is an aqueous solution that contains up to 30 percent sugar, minerals, amino acids, and plant growth regulators.
Phloem sap is an aqueous solution that contains up to 30 percent sugar, minerals, amino acids.
Water diffuses from the phloem by osmosis and is then transpired or recycled via the xylem back into the phloem sap.
This reduces the water potential, which causes water to enter the phloem from the xylem.
Transpiration causes water to return to the leaves through the xylem vessels.
Animals can respond to environmental factors by moving to a new location.
Plants, however, are rooted in place and must respond to the surrounding environmental factors.
Plants have sophisticated systems to detect and respond to light, gravity, temperature, and physical touch.
Plants have sophisticated systems to detect and respond to light, gravity, temperature.
Receptors sense environmental factors and relay the information to effector systems—often through intermediate chemical messengers—to bring about plant responses.
Photomorphogenesis is the growth and development of plants in response to light.
It allows plants to optimize their use of light and space.
Photoperiodism is the ability to use light to track time.
Plants can tell the time of day and time of year by sensing and using various wavelengths of sunlight.
Phototropism is a directional response that allows plants to grow towards, or even away from, light.
Phototropism is a directional response that allows plants to grow towards.
The sensing of light in the environment is important to plants; it can be crucial for competition and survival.
The sensing of light in the environment is important to plants.
it can be crucial for competition and survival.
The response of plants to light is mediated by different photoreceptors, which are comprised of a protein covalently bonded to a light-absorbing pigment called a chromophore.
Sensory photoreceptors absorb light in these particular regions of the visible light spectrum because of the quality of light available in the daylight spectrum.
Blue-light receptors allow plants to gauge the direction and abundance of sunlight, which is rich in blue–green emissions.
Water absorbs red light, which makes the detection of blue light essential for algae and aquatic plants.
The Phytochrome System and the Red/Far-Red Response The phytochromes are a family of chromoproteins with a linear tetrapyrrole chromophore, similar to the ringed tetrapyrrole light-absorbing head group of chlorophyll.
Phytochromes have two photo-interconvertible forms: Pr and Pfr.
Pr absorbs red light and is immediately converted to Pfr.
Pfr absorbs far-red light and is quickly converted back to Pr.
Absorption of red or far-red light causes a massive change to the shape of the chromophore, altering the conformation and activity of the phytochrome protein to which it is bound.
Pfr is the physiologically active form of the protein.
therefore, exposure to red light yields physiological activity.
Exposure to far-red light inhibits phytochrome activity.
The phytochrome system acts as a biological light switch.
It monitors the level, intensity, duration, and color of environmental light.
It monitors the level, intensity, duration.
The effect of red light is reversible by immediately shining far-red light on the sample, which converts the chromoprotein to the inactive Pr form.
Additionally, Pfr can slowly revert to Pr in the dark, or break down over time.
Additionally, Pfr can slowly revert to Pr in the dark.
In all instances, the physiological response induced by red light is reversed.
Once the phytochrome system evolved, plants adapted it to serve a variety of needs.
Unfiltered, full sunlight contains much more red light than far-red light.
In short, plant shoots use the phytochrome system to grow away from shade and towards light.
Because competition for light is so fierce in a dense plant community, the evolutionary advantages of the phytochrome system are obvious.
In seeds, the phytochrome system is not used to determine direction and quality of light.
Instead, is it used merely to determine if there is any light at all.
This is especially important in species with very small seeds, such as lettuce.
Because of their size, lettuce seeds have few food reserves.
Their seedlings cannot grow for long before they run out of fuel.
If they germinated even a centimeter under the soil surface, the seedling would never make it into the sunlight and would die.
In the dark, phytochrome is in the Pr and the seed will not germinate; it will only germinate if exposed to light at the surface of the soil.
In the dark, phytochrome is in the Pr and the seed will not germinate.
it will only germinate if exposed to light at the surface of the soil.
Upon exposure to light, Pr is converted to Pfr and germination proceeds.
The biologically inactive form of phytochrome is converted to the biologically active form Pfr under illumination with red light.
Far-red light and darkness convert the molecule back to the inactive form.
Plants also use the phytochrome system to sense the change of season.
Photoperiodism is a biological response to the timing and duration of day and night.
It controls flowering, setting of winter buds, and vegetative growth.
It controls flowering, setting of winter buds.
Detection of seasonal changes is crucial to plant survival.
Although temperature and light intensity influence plant growth, they are not reliable indicators of season because they may vary from one year to the next.
Day length is a better indicator of the time of year.
As stated above, unfiltered sunlight is rich in red light but deficient in far-red light.
Therefore, at dawn, all the phytochrome molecules in a leaf quickly convert to the active Pfr form, and remain in that form until sunset.
Therefore, at dawn, all the phytochrome molecules in a leaf quickly convert to the active Pfr form.
In the dark, the Pfr form takes hours to slowly revert back to the Pr form.
If the night is long, all of the Pfr form reverts.
If the night is short, a considerable amount of Pfr may remain at sunrise.
By sensing the Pr/Pfr ratio at dawn, a plant can determine the length of the day/night cycle.
In addition, leaves retain that information for several days, allowing a comparison between the length of the previous night and the preceding several nights.
Shorter nights indicate springtime to the plant; when the nights become longer, autumn is approaching.
Shorter nights indicate springtime to the plant.
This information, along with sensing temperature and water availability, allows plants to determine the time of the year and adjust their physiology accordingly.
Short-day plants use this information to flower in the late summer and early fall, when nights exceed a critical length.
Not all plants use the phytochrome system in this way.
Horticulturalist The word "horticulturist" comes from the Latin words for garden and culture.
Growers of crops, fruit, vegetables, and flowers were previously constrained by having to time their sowing and harvesting according to the season.
flowers were previously constrained by having to time their sowing and harvesting according to the season.
Now, horticulturists can manipulate plants to increase leaf, flower, or fruit production by understanding how environmental factors affect plant growth and development.
Now, horticulturists can manipulate plants to increase leaf, flower.
Greenhouse management is an essential component of a horticulturist's education.
To lengthen the night, plants are covered with a blackout shade cloth.
Long-day plants are irradiated with red light in winter to promote early flowering.
For example, fluorescent light high in blue wavelengths encourages leafy growth and is excellent for starting seedlings.
Incandescent lamps are rich in red light, and promote flowering in some plants.
Incandescent lamps are rich in red light.
Recently, considerable progress has been made in the development of plant breeds that are suited to different climates and resistant to pests and transportation damage.
Both crop yield and quality have increased as a result of practical applications of the knowledge of plant responses to external stimuli and hormones.
Horticulturists find employment in private and governmental laboratories, greenhouses, botanical gardens, and in the production or research fields.
Horticulturists find employment in private and governmental laboratories, greenhouses, botanical gardens.
They improve crops by applying their knowledge of genetics and plant physiology.
To prepare for a horticulture career, students take classes in botany, plant physiology, plant pathology, landscape design, and plant breeding.
To prepare for a horticulture career, students take classes in botany, plant physiology, plant pathology, landscape design.
To complement these traditional courses, horticulture majors add studies in economics, business, computer science, and communications.
To complement these traditional courses, horticulture majors add studies in economics, business, computer science.
The Blue Light Responses Phototropism—the directional bending of a plant toward or away from a light source—is a response to blue wavelengths of light.
The aptly-named phototropins are protein-based receptors responsible for mediating the phototropic response.
Like all plant photoreceptors, phototropins consist of a protein portion and a light-absorbing portion, called the chromophore.
In phototropins, the chromophore is a covalently-bound molecule of flavin; hence, phototropins belong to a class of proteins called flavoproteins.
In phototropins, the chromophore is a covalently-bound molecule of flavin.
hence, phototropins belong to a class of proteins called flavoproteins.
Other responses under the control of phototropins are leaf opening and closing, chloroplast movement, and the opening of stomata.
Other responses under the control of phototropins are leaf opening and closing, chloroplast movement.
However, of all responses controlled by phototropins, phototropism has been studied the longest and is the best understood.
In their 1880 treatise The Power of Movements in Plants, Charles Darwin and his son Francis first described phototropism as the bending of seedlings toward light.
Darwin observed that light was perceived by the tip of the plant, but that the response took place in a different part of the plant.
They concluded that the signal had to travel from the apical meristem to the base of the plant.
He cut off the tip of a seedling, covered the cut section with a layer of gelatin, and then replaced the tip.
He cut off the tip of a seedling, covered the cut section with a layer of gelatin.
The seedling bent toward the light when illuminated.
However, when impermeable mica flakes were inserted between the tip and the cut base, the seedling did not bend.
A refinement of the experiment showed that the signal traveled on the shaded side of the seedling.
When the mica plate was inserted on the illuminated side, the plant did bend towards the light.
Therefore, the chemical signal was a growth stimulant because the phototropic response involved faster cell elongation on the shaded side than on the illuminated side.
We now know that as light passes through a plant stem, it is diffracted and generates phototropin activation across the stem.
Most activation occurs on the lit side, causing the plant hormone indole acetic acid to accumulate on the shaded side.
Stem cells elongate under influence of IAA.
Cryptochromes are another class of blue-light absorbing photoreceptors that also contain a flavin-based chromophore.
Cryptochromes set the plants' 24-hour activity cycle, also known as its circadian rhythm, using blue light cues.
Plant Responses to Gravity Whether or not they germinate in the light or in total darkness, shoots usually sprout up from the ground, and roots grow downward into the ground.
Plant Responses to Gravity Whether or not they germinate in the light or in total darkness, shoots usually sprout up from the ground.
roots grow downward into the ground.
A plant laid on its side in the dark will send shoots upward when given enough time.
Gravitropism ensures that roots grow into the soil and that shoots grow toward sunlight.
growth of the roots downward is called positive gravitropism.
Amyloplasts are specialized plastids that contain starch granules and settle downward in response to gravity.
Amyloplasts are found in shoots and in specialized cells of the root cap.
When a plant is tilted, the statoliths drop to the new bottom cell wall.
A few hours later, the shoot or root will show growth in the new vertical direction.
The mechanism that mediates gravitropism is reasonably well understood.
This calcium signaling in the cells causes polar transport of the plant hormone IAA to the bottom of the cell.
The effect slows growth on the lower side of the root, while cells develop normally on the upper side.
The effect slows growth on the lower side of the root.
cells develop normally on the upper side.
IAA has the opposite effect in shoots, where a higher concentration at the lower side of the shoot stimulates cell expansion, causing the shoot to grow up.
After the shoot or root begin to grow vertically, the amyloplasts return to their normal position.
Other hypotheses—involving the entire cell in the gravitropism effect—have been proposed to explain why some mutants that lack amyloplasts may still exhibit a weak gravitropic response.
Growth Responses A plant's sensory response to external stimuli relies on chemical messengers.
Plant hormones affect all aspects of plant life, from flowering to fruit setting and maturation, and from phototropism to leaf fall.
Plant hormones affect all aspects of plant life, from flowering to fruit setting and maturation.
Potentially every cell in a plant can produce plant hormones.
In contrast, animal hormones are produced in specific glands and transported to a distant site for action, and they act alone.
In contrast, animal hormones are produced in specific glands and transported to a distant site for action.
they act alone.
Plant hormones are a group of unrelated chemical substances that affect plant morphogenesis.
Five major plant hormones are traditionally described: auxins, cytokinins, gibberellins, ethylene, and abscisic acid.
Five major plant hormones are traditionally described: auxins, cytokinins, gibberellins, ethylene.
In addition, other nutrients and environmental conditions can be characterized as growth factors.
They also control the differentiation of meristem into vascular tissue, and promote leaf development and arrangement.
They also control the differentiation of meristem into vascular tissue.
While many synthetic auxins are used as herbicides, IAA is the only naturally occurring auxin that shows physiological activity.
Apical dominance—the inhibition of lateral bud formation—is triggered by auxins produced in the apical meristem.
Flowering, fruit setting and ripening, and inhibition of abscission are other plant responses under the direct or indirect control of auxins.
inhibition of abscission are other plant responses under the direct or indirect control of auxins.
Auxins also act as a relay for the effects of the blue light and red/far-red responses.
Commercial use of auxins is widespread in plant nurseries and for crop production.
IAA is used as a rooting hormone to promote growth of adventitious roots on cuttings and detached leaves.
Cytokinins The effect of cytokinins was first reported when it was found that adding the liquid endosperm of coconuts to developing plant embryos in culture stimulated their growth.
The stimulating growth factor was found to be cytokinin, a hormone that promotes cytokinesis.
Almost 200 naturally occurring or synthetic cytokinins are known to date.
Cytokinins are most abundant in growing tissues, such as roots, embryos, and fruits, where cell division is occurring.
Cytokinins are most abundant in growing tissues, such as roots, embryos.
Cytokinins are known to delay senescence in leaf tissues, promote mitosis, and stimulate differentiation of the meristem in shoots and roots.
Cytokinins are known to delay senescence in leaf tissues, promote mitosis.
Many effects on plant development are under the influence of cytokinins, either in conjunction with auxin or another hormone.
For example, apical dominance seems to result from a balance between auxins that inhibit lateral buds, and cytokinins that promote bushier growth.
For example, apical dominance seems to result from a balance between auxins that inhibit lateral buds.
Gibberellins Gibberellins are a group of about 125 closely related plant hormones that stimulate shoot elongation, seed germination, and fruit and flower maturation.
Gibberellins Gibberellins are a group of about 125 closely related plant hormones that stimulate shoot elongation, seed germination.
GAs are synthesized in the root and stem apical meristems, young leaves, and seed embryos.
GAs are synthesized in the root and stem apical meristems, young leaves.
In urban areas, GA antagonists are sometimes applied to trees under power lines to control growth and reduce the frequency of pruning.
GAs break dormancy in the seeds of plants that require exposure to cold or light to germinate.
Abscisic acid is a strong antagonist of GA action.
Other effects of GAs include gender expression, seedless fruit development, and the delay of senescence in leaves and fruit.
Other effects of GAs include gender expression, seedless fruit development.
Seedless grapes are obtained through standard breeding methods and contain inconspicuous seeds that fail to develop.
Because GAs are produced by the seeds, and because fruit development and stem elongation are under GA control, these varieties of grapes would normally produce small fruit in compact clusters.
Because GAs are produced by the seeds.
because fruit development and stem elongation are under GA control, these varieties of grapes would normally produce small fruit in compact clusters.
The plant hormone abscisic acid was first discovered as the agent that causes the abscission or dropping of cotton bolls.
However, more recent studies indicate that ABA plays only a minor role in the abscission process.
ABA accumulates as a response to stressful environmental conditions, such as dehydration, cold temperatures, or shortened day lengths.
ABA accumulates as a response to stressful environmental conditions, such as dehydration, cold temperatures.
Its activity counters many of the growth-promoting effects of GAs and auxins.
ABA inhibits stem elongation and induces dormancy in lateral buds.
ABA induces dormancy in seeds by blocking germination and promoting the synthesis of storage proteins.
Plants adapted to temperate climates require a long period of cold temperature before seeds germinate.
This mechanism protects young plants from sprouting too early during unseasonably warm weather in winter.
As the hormone gradually breaks down over winter, the seed is released from dormancy and germinates when conditions are favorable in spring.
Another effect of ABA is to promote the development of winter buds; it mediates the conversion of the apical meristem into a dormant bud.
Another effect of ABA is to promote the development of winter buds.
it mediates the conversion of the apical meristem into a dormant bud.
Low soil moisture causes an increase in ABA, which causes stomata to close, reducing water loss in winter buds.
Ethylene Ethylene is associated with fruit ripening, flower wilting, and leaf fall.
Ethylene Ethylene is associated with fruit ripening, flower wilting.
Ethylene is unusual because it is a volatile gas.
These effects were caused by ethylene volatilizing from the lamps.
Aging tissues and nodes of stems produce ethylene.
The best-known effect of the hormone, however, is the promotion of fruit ripening.
Ethylene also triggers leaf and fruit abscission, flower fading and dropping, and promotes germination in some cereals and sprouting of bulbs and potatoes.
Ethylene also triggers leaf and fruit abscission, flower fading and dropping.
Ethylene is widely used in agriculture.
Commercial fruit growers control the timing of fruit ripening with application of the gas.
Horticulturalists inhibit leaf dropping in ornamental plants by removing ethylene from greenhouses using fans and ventilation.
Nontraditional Hormones Recent research has discovered a number of compounds that also influence plant development.
Their roles are less understood than the effects of the major hormones described so far.
Jasmonates play a major role in defense responses to herbivory.
They contribute to the production of volatile compounds that attract natural enemies of predators.
Oligosaccharins also play a role in plant defense against bacterial and fungal infections.
They act locally at the site of injury, and can also be transported to other tissues.
They act locally at the site of injury.
Strigolactones promote seed germination in some species and inhibit lateral apical development in the absence of auxins.
Strigolactones also play a role in the establishment of mycorrhizae, a mutualistic association of plant roots and fungi.
Brassinosteroids are important to many developmental and physiological processes.
Signals between these compounds and other hormones, notably auxin and GAs, amplifies their physiological effect.
Apical dominance, seed germination, gravitropism, and resistance to freezing are all positively influenced by hormones.
resistance to freezing are all positively influenced by hormones.
Root growth and fruit dropping are inhibited by steroids.
a tree grows on an angle in response to strong prevailing winds.
These are examples of how plants respond to touch or wind.
Tendrils are one example of this.
The meristematic region of tendrils is very touch sensitive; light touch will evoke a quick coiling response.
The meristematic region of tendrils is very touch sensitive.
light touch will evoke a quick coiling response.
Application of jasmonic acid is sufficient to trigger tendril coiling without a mechanical stimulus.
In the Venus flytrap, two modified leaves are joined at a hinge and lined with thin fork-like tines along the outer edges.
Tiny hairs are located inside the trap.
The released nutrients are absorbed by the leaves, which reopen for the next meal.
Thigmomorphogenesis is a slow developmental change in the shape of a plant subjected to continuous mechanical stress.
When trees bend in the wind, for example, growth is usually stunted and the trunk thickens.
Researchers hypothesize that mechanical strain induces growth and differentiation to strengthen the tissues.
Ethylene and jasmonate are likely involved in thigmomorphogenesis.
Defense Responses against Herbivores and Pathogens Plants face two types of enemies: herbivores and pathogens.
Pathogens are agents of disease.
These infectious microorganisms, such as fungi, bacteria, and nematodes, live off of the plant and damage its tissues.
nematodes, live off of the plant and damage its tissues.
Plants have developed a variety of strategies to discourage or kill attackers.
The first line of defense in plants is an intact and impenetrable barrier.
Bark and the waxy cuticle can protect against predators.
Other adaptations against herbivory include thorns, which are modified branches, and spines, which are modified leaves.
Other adaptations against herbivory include thorns, which are modified branches.
They discourage animals by causing physical damage and inducing rashes and allergic reactions.
If the first line of defense is breached, the plant must resort to a different set of defense mechanisms, such as toxins and enzymes.
Secondary metabolites are compounds that are not directly derived from photosynthesis and are not necessary for respiration or plant growth and development.
Many metabolites are toxic, and can even be lethal to animals that ingest them.
Many metabolites are toxic.
Some metabolites are alkaloids, which discourage predators with noxious odors or repellent tastes.
Some compounds become toxic after ingestion.
Mechanical wounding and predator attacks activate defense and protection mechanisms both in the damaged tissue and at sites farther from the injury location.
Some defense reactions occur within minutes: others over several hours.
As tissue is damaged, jasmonates may promote the synthesis of compounds that are toxic to predators.
Jasmonates also elicit the synthesis of volatile compounds that attract parasitoids, which are insects that spend their developing stages in or on another insect, and eventually kill their host.
Jasmonates also elicit the synthesis of volatile compounds that attract parasitoids, which are insects that spend their developing stages in or on another insect.
The plant may activate abscission of injured tissue if it is damaged beyond repair.
In a taproot system, a main root grows vertically downward with a few lateral roots.
Fibrous A vascular plant consists of two organ systems: the root systems arise at the base of the stem, where a shoot system and the root system.
The shoot system cluster of roots forms a dense network that is includes the aboveground vegetative portions (stems shallower than a taproot.
The root tip has three main The root system supports the plant and is usually zones: a zone of cell division (cells are actively underground.
A plant is composed of two main types of dividing), a zone of elongation, tissue: meristematic tissue and permanent tissue.
Simple tissues are made up of similar cell types; examples include dermal tissue and ground 30.4 Leaves tissue.
Simple tissues are made up of similar cell types.
examples include dermal tissue and ground 30.4 Leaves tissue.
Dermal tissue provides the outer covering of the Leaves are the main site of photosynthesis.
Complex tissues are made up of different the leaf to a stem).
Vascular tissue, for example, is made up of stem, known as phyllotaxy, enables maximum xylem and phloem cells.
Each plant species has a 30.2 Stems characteristic leaf arrangement and form.
The pattern of leaf arrangement may be alternate, opposite, or The stem of a plant bears the leaves, flowers, and spiral, while leaf form may be simple or compound.
The pattern of leaf arrangement may be alternate, opposite, or The stem of a plant bears the leaves, flowers.
The pattern of leaf arrangement may be alternate, opposite.
The stem of a plant bears the leaves, flowers, and spiral, while leaf form may be simple or compound.
The pattern of leaf arrangement may be alternate, opposite, or The stem of a plant bears the leaves, flowers, and spiral.
leaf form may be simple or compound.
In Plant organs are made up of simple and complex some plant species, leaf form is modified to form tissues.
The stem has three tissue systems: dermal, structures such as tendrils, spines, bud scales, and vascular, and ground tissue.
The stem has three tissue systems: dermal, structures such as tendrils, spines, bud scales.
Dermal tissue is the outer needles.
It contains epidermal cells, 30.5 Transport of Water and Solutes in stomata, guard cells, and trichomes.
It contains epidermal cells, 30.5 Transport of Water and Solutes in stomata, guard cells.
Vascular tissue is made up of xylem and phloem tissues and conducts Plants water, minerals, and photosynthetic products.
Vascular tissue is made up of xylem and phloem tissues and conducts Plants water, minerals.
The water potential in plant solutions is sclerenchyma cells.
Water potential and transpiration Primary growth occurs at the tips of roots and shoots, influence how water is transported through the xylem causing an increase in length.
These processes are regulated by stomatal exhibit secondary growth, or increase in thickness.
These processes are regulated by stomatal exhibit secondary growth.
Sucrose is actively loaded into the sieve-tube species have modified stems that help to store food, elements of the phloem.
The increased solute propagate new plants, or discourage predators.
The increased solute propagate new plants.
concentration causes water to move by osmosis from Rhizomes, corms, stolons, runners, tubers, bulbs, the xylem into the phloem.
The positive pressure that tendrils, and thorns are examples of modified stems.
thorns are examples of modified stems.
The sucrose is unloaded into the sink, and the water returns to the xylem vessels.
The sucrose is unloaded into the sink.
Roots help to anchor a plant, absorb water and minerals, and serve as storage sites for food.
Roots help to anchor a plant, absorb water and minerals.
Cytokinins Plants respond to light by changes in morphology and stimulate cell division and counter apical dominance in activity.
Irradiation by red light converts the shoots.
Gibberellins inhibit dormancy of seeds and photoreceptor phytochrome to its far-red light- promote stem growth.
Abscisic acid induces dormancy absorbing form—Pfr.
This form controls germination in seeds and buds, and protects plants from excessive and flowering in response to length of day, as well as water loss by promoting stomatal closure.
This form controls germination in seeds and buds.
Ethylene gas triggers photosynthesis in dormant plants or those that speeds up fruit ripening and dropping of leaves.
Plants just emerged from the soil.
Plants have evolved defense granules, sense gravity.
Shoots exhibit negative mechanisms against predators and pathogens.
gravitropism, whereas roots exhibit positive Physical barriers like bark and spines protect tender gravitropism.
roots exhibit positive Physical barriers like bark and spines protect tender gravitropism.
a. Negative water potential draws water into A. cortex and pith the root hairs.
Cohesion and adhesion B. phloem draw water up the xylem.
Transpiration C. sclerenchyma draws water from the leaf.
D. xylem b. Negative water potential draws water into the root hairs.
Transpiration on the left side of the tube by increasing Ψp such draws water from the leaf.
that the water level rises on the right side.
Tracheids, vessel elements, sieve-tube cells, b. ground tissue and companion cells are components of c. xylem cells ________.
Stem regions at which leaves are attached are c. ground tissue called ________.
The primary growth of a plant is due to the c. nodes action of the ________.
Which of the following is an example of 18.
Secondary growth in stems is usually seen in 19.
a. Water vapor is lost to the external a. monocots environment, increasing the rate of b. dicots transpiration.
Water vapor is lost to the external d. neither monocots nor dicots environment, decreasing the rate of transpiration.
Roots that enable a plant to grow on another c. Water vapor enters the spaces in the plant are called ________.
b. prop roots d. Water vapor enters the spaces in the c. adventitious roots mesophyll, decreasing the rate of d. aerial roots transpiration.
Which cells are responsible for the movement of minerals in the root.
Newly-formed root cells begin to form different 21.
phototropism is a ________.
The stalk of a leaf is known as the ________.
A mutant plant has roots that grow in all b. whorled directions.
Cells of the ________ contain chloroplasts.
After buying green bananas or unripe avocadoes, c. ethylene they can be kept in a brown bag to ripen.
The d. gibberellic acid hormone released by the fruit and trapped in the bag is probably: 26.
A seedling germinating under a stone grows at a. abscisic acid an angle away from the stone and upward.
How do dicots differ from monocots in terms of 28.
What would happen to a plant if these cells processes.
Owners and managers of plant nurseries have to 30.
What color of light should be 31.
What are the major benefits of gravitropism for a 32.
Why are these 34.
Which hormone is most likely to provides a food in the human diet.