# Biology2e Chapter 35 — The Nervous System
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 573

INTRODUCTION When you're reading this book, your nervous system is performing several functions simultaneously.
The visual system is processing what is seen on the page; the motor system controls the turn of the pages; the prefrontal cortex maintains attention.
The visual system is processing what is seen on the page.
the motor system controls the turn of the pages.
the prefrontal cortex maintains attention.
Even fundamental functions, like breathing and regulation of body temperature, are controlled by the nervous system.
A nervous system is an organism's control center: it processes sensory information from outside the body and controls all behaviors—from eating to sleeping to finding a mate.
Some organisms, like sea sponges, lack a true nervous system.
Echinoderms such as sea stars have nerve cells that are bundled into fibers called nerves.
The insect nervous system is more complex but also fairly decentralized.
It contains a brain, ventral nerve cord, and ganglia.
It contains a brain, ventral nerve cord.
These ganglia can control movements and behaviors without input from the brain.
Octopi may have the most complicated of invertebrate nervous systems—they have neurons that are organized in specialized lobes and eyes that are structurally similar to vertebrate species.
In cnidarians, nerve cells form a decentralized nerve net.
In echinoderms, nerve cells are bundled into fibers called nerves.
In addition to a brain, arthropods have clusters of nerve cell bodies, called peripheral ganglia, located along the ventral nerve cord.
Mollusks such as squid and octopi, which must hunt to survive, have complex brains containing millions of neurons.
In vertebrates, the brain and spinal cord comprise the central nervous system, while neurons extending into the rest of the body comprise the peripheral nervous system.
In vertebrates, the brain and spinal cord comprise the central nervous system.
neurons extending into the rest of the body comprise the peripheral nervous system.
One interesting difference between the nervous systems of invertebrates and vertebrates is that the nerve cords of many invertebrates are located ventrally whereas the vertebrate spinal cords are located dorsally.
A neuron can be compared to an electrical wire—it transmits a signal from one place to another.
Glia can be compared to the workers at the electric company who make sure wires go to the right places, maintain the wires, and take down wires that are broken.
Glia can be compared to the workers at the electric company who make sure wires go to the right places, maintain the wires.
Although glia have been compared to workers, recent evidence suggests that they also usurp some of the signaling functions of neurons.
they share several important cellular components.
The nervous system of the common laboratory fly, Drosophila melanogaster, contains around 100,000 neurons, the same number as a lobster.
This number compares to 75 million in the mouse and 300 million in the octopus.
A human brain contains around 86 billion neurons.
Despite these very different numbers, the nervous systems of these animals control many of the same behaviors—from basic reflexes to more complicated behaviors like finding food and courting mates.
The ability of neurons to communicate with each other as well as with other types of cells underlies all of these behaviors.
Most neurons share the same cellular components.
But neurons are also highly specialized—different types of neurons have different sizes and shapes that relate to their functional roles.
Dendrites are tree-like structures that extend away from the cell body to receive messages from other neurons at specialized junctions called synapses.
Although some neurons do not have any dendrites, some types of neurons have multiple dendrites.
Dendrites can have small protrusions called dendritic spines, which further increase surface area for possible synaptic connections.
Once a signal is received by the dendrite, it then travels passively to the cell body.
The cell body contains a specialized structure, the axon hillock that integrates signals from multiple synapses and serves as a junction between the cell body and an axon.
An axon is a tube-like structure that propagates the integrated signal to specialized endings called axon terminals.
Chemicals released at axon terminals allow signals to be communicated to these other cells.
Neurons usually have one or two axons, but some neurons, like amacrine cells in the retina, do not contain any axons.
Some axons are covered with myelin, which acts as an insulator to minimize dissipation of the electrical signal as it travels down the axon, greatly increasing the speed of conduction.
This insulation is important as the axon from a human motor neuron can be as long as a meter—from the base of the spine to the toes.
The myelin sheath is not actually part of the neuron.
Myelin is produced by glial cells.
Dendrites from a single neuron may receive synaptic contact from many other neurons.
For example, dendrites from a Purkinje cell in the cerebellum are thought to receive contact from as many as 200,000 other neurons.
They also have more specialized structures, including dendrites and axons.
The soma is the cell body of a nerve cell.
Myelin sheath provides an insulating layer to the dendrites.
c. Axons carry the signal from the soma to the target.
d. Dendrites carry the signal to the soma.
Types of Neurons There are different types of neurons, and the functional role of a given neuron is intimately dependent on its structure.
Types of Neurons There are different types of neurons.
the functional role of a given neuron is intimately dependent on its structure.
Examples include a pyramidal cell from the cerebral cortex, a Purkinje cell from the cerebellar cortex, and olfactory cells from the olfactory epithelium and olfactory bulb.
Examples include a pyramidal cell from the cerebral cortex, a Purkinje cell from the cerebellar cortex.
While there are many defined neuron cell subtypes, neurons are broadly divided into four basic types: unipolar, bipolar, multipolar, and pseudounipolar.
While there are many defined neuron cell subtypes, neurons are broadly divided into four basic types: unipolar, bipolar, multipolar.
Unipolar neurons have only one structure that extends away from the soma.
These neurons are not found in vertebrates but are found in insects where they stimulate muscles or glands.
A bipolar neuron has one axon and one dendrite extending from the soma.
Multipolar neurons are the most common type of neuron.
Each multipolar neuron contains one axon and multiple dendrites.
Multipolar neurons can be found in the central nervous system.
An example of a multipolar neuron is a Purkinje cell in the cerebellum, which has many branching dendrites but only one axon.
Pseudounipolar cells share characteristics with both unipolar and bipolar cells.
A pseudounipolar cell has a single process that extends from the soma, like a unipolar cell, but this process later branches into two distinct structures, like a bipolar cell.
EVERYDAY CONNECTION Neurogenesis At one time, scientists believed that people were born with all the neurons they would ever have.
Neurogenesis was first discovered in songbirds that produce new neurons while learning songs.
For mammals, new neurons also play an important role in learning: about 1000 new neurons develop in the hippocampus each day.
Stress has the opposite effect.
While neurogenesis is quite limited compared to regeneration in other tissues, research in this area may lead to new treatments for disorders such as Alzheimer's, stroke, and epilepsy.
While neurogenesis is quite limited compared to regeneration in other tissues, research in this area may lead to new treatments for disorders such as Alzheimer's, stroke.
A researcher can inject a compound called bromodeoxyuridine into the brain of an animal.
While all cells will be exposed to BrdU, BrdU will only be incorporated into the DNA of newly generated cells that are in S phase.
This micrograph shows fluorescently labeled new neurons in a rat hippocampus.
Cells that are actively dividing have bromodeoxyuridine incorporated into their DNA and are labeled in red.
Cells that express glial fibrillary acidic protein are labeled in green.
Astrocytes, but not neurons, express GFAP.
Thus, cells that are labeled both red and green are actively dividing astrocytes, whereas cells labeled red only are actively dividing neurons.
Thus, cells that are labeled both red and green are actively dividing astrocytes.
Neurons would be unable to function without the vital roles that are fulfilled by these glial cells.
Glia guide developing neurons to their destinations, buffer ions and chemicals that would otherwise harm neurons, and provide myelin sheaths around axons.
Glia guide developing neurons to their destinations, buffer ions and chemicals that would otherwise harm neurons.
Scientists have recently discovered that they also play a role in responding to nerve activity and modulating communication between nerve cells.
When glia do not function properly, the result can be disastrous—most brain tumors are caused by mutations in glia.
They provide nutrients and other substances to neurons, regulate the concentrations of ions and chemicals in the extracellular fluid, and provide structural support for synapses.
They provide nutrients and other substances to neurons, regulate the concentrations of ions and chemicals in the extracellular fluid.
Astrocytes also form the blood-brain barrier—a structure that blocks entrance of toxic substances into the brain.
Astrocytes, in particular, have been shown through calcium imaging experiments to become active in response to nerve activity, transmit calcium waves between astrocytes, and modulate the activity of surrounding synapses.
Astrocytes, in particular, have been shown through calcium imaging experiments to become active in response to nerve activity, transmit calcium waves between astrocytes.
Satellite glia provide nutrients and structural support for neurons in the PNS.
One axon can be myelinated by several oligodendrocytes, and one oligodendrocyte can provide myelin for multiple neurons.
One axon can be myelinated by several oligodendrocytes.
one oligodendrocyte can provide myelin for multiple neurons.
This is distinctive from the PNS where a single Schwann cell provides myelin for only one axon as the entire Schwann cell surrounds the axon.
Radial glia serve as scaffolds for developing neurons as they migrate to their end destinations.
Ependymal cells line fluid-filled ventricles of the brain and the central canal of the spinal cord.
Glial cells of the central nervous system include oligodendrocytes, astrocytes, ependymal cells, and microglial cells.
Glial cells of the central nervous system include oligodendrocytes, astrocytes, ependymal cells.
Oligodendrocytes form the myelin sheath around axons.
Astrocytes provide nutrients to neurons, maintain their extracellular environment, and provide structural support.
Astrocytes provide nutrients to neurons, maintain their extracellular environment.
Ependymal cells produce cerebrospinal fluid that cushions the neurons.
Glial cells of the peripheral nervous system include Schwann cells, which form the myelin sheath, and satellite cells, which provide nutrients and structural support to neurons.
Glial cells of the peripheral nervous system include Schwann cells, which form the myelin sheath.
All functions performed by the nervous system—from a simple motor reflex to more advanced functions like making a memory or a decision—require neurons to communicate with one another.
While humans use words and body language to communicate, neurons use electrical and chemical signals.
Just like a person in a committee, one neuron usually receives and synthesizes messages from multiple other neurons before "making the decision" to send the message on to other neurons.
Nerve Impulse Transmission within a Neuron For the nervous system to function, neurons must be able to send and receive signals.
To understand how neurons communicate, one must first understand the basis of the baseline or 'resting' membrane charge.
Neuronal Charged Membranes The lipid bilayer membrane that surrounds a neuron is impermeable to charged molecules or ions.
To enter or exit the neuron, ions must pass through special proteins called ion channels that span the membrane.
Some ion channels need to be activated in order to open and allow ions to pass into or out of the cell.
These ion channels are sensitive to the environment and can change their shape accordingly.
Voltage-gated ion channels regulate the relative concentrations of different ions inside and outside the cell.
After activation, they become inactivated for a brief period and will no longer open in response to a signal.
LINK TO LEARNING This video discusses the basis of the resting membrane potential.
This voltage is called the resting membrane potential; it is caused by differences in the concentrations of ions inside and outside the cell.
it is caused by differences in the concentrations of ions inside and outside the cell.
If the membrane were equally permeable to all ions, each type of ion would flow across the membrane and the system would reach equilibrium.
When the membrane is at rest, K+ ions accumulate inside the cell due to the activity of the Na/K pump, driving both ions against their concentration gradient.
The negative charge within the cell is created by the cell membrane being more permeable to potassium ion movement than sodium ion movement.
In neurons, potassium ions are maintained at high concentrations within the cell while sodium ions are maintained at high concentrations outside of the cell.
However, the neurons have far more potassium leakage channels than sodium leakage channels.
Therefore, potassium diffuses out of the cell at a much faster rate than sodium leaks in.
Because more cations are leaving the cell than are entering, this causes the interior of the cell to be negatively charged relative to the outside of the cell.
It should be noted that chloride ions tend to accumulate outside of the cell because they are repelled by negatively-charged proteins within the cytoplasm.
The resting membrane potential is a result of different concentrations inside and outside the cell.
At the peak action potential, K+ channels open and the cell becomes hyperpolarized.
Action Potential A neuron can receive input from other neurons and, if this input is strong enough, send the signal to downstream neurons.
Transmission of a signal between neurons is generally carried by a chemical called a neurotransmitter.
A stimulus from a sensory cell or another neuron depolarizes the target neuron to its threshold potential.
Once depolarization is complete, the cell must now "reset" its membrane voltage back to the resting potential.
This begins the neuron's refractory period, in which it cannot produce another action potential because its sodium channels will not open.
At the same time, voltage-gated K+ channels open, allowing K+ to leave the cell.
As K+ ions leave the cell, the membrane potential once again becomes negative and repolarizes.
This is the result of the slow closing of the K+ channels.
At this point, the sodium channels will return to their resting state, meaning they are ready to open again if the membrane potential again exceeds the threshold potential.
Eventually all the K+ channels close, and the cell returns back to its resting membrane potential.
Eventually all the K+ channels close.
the cell returns back to its resting membrane potential.
At the peak action potential, K+ channels open and K+ begins to leave the cell.
The hyperpolarized membrane is in a refractory period and cannot fire.
The action potential is conducted down the axon as the axon membrane depolarizes, then repolarizes.
LINK TO LEARNING This video presents an overview of action potential.
The speed of conduction of an action potential along an axon is influenced by both the diameter of the axon and the axon's resistance to current leak.
Myelin acts as an insulator that prevents current from leaving the axon; this increases the speed of action potential conduction.
Myelin acts as an insulator that prevents current from leaving the axon.
this increases the speed of action potential conduction.
In demyelinating diseases like multiple sclerosis, action potential conduction slows because current leaks from previously insulated axon areas.
These unmyelinated spaces are about one micrometer long and contain voltage-gated Na+ and K+ channels.
Flow of ions through these channels, particularly the Na+ channels, regenerates the action potential over and over again along the axon.
Nodes of Ranvier also save energy for the neuron since the channels only need to be present at the nodes and not along the entire axon.
Nodes contain voltage-gated K+ and Na+ channels.
Action potentials travel down the axon by jumping from one node to the next.
The synapse or "gap" is the place where information is transmitted from one neuron to another.
Synapses usually form between axon terminals and dendritic spines, but this is not universally true.
Note that these designations are relative to a particular synapse—most neurons are both presynaptic and postsynaptic.
Chemical Synapse When an action potential reaches the axon terminal it depolarizes the membrane and opens voltage-gated Na+ channels.
Na+ ions enter the cell, further depolarizing the presynaptic membrane.
This depolarization causes voltage-gated Ca2+ channels to open.
Calcium ions entering the cell initiate a signaling cascade that causes small membrane-bound vesicles, called synaptic vesicles, containing neurotransmitter molecules to fuse with the presynaptic membrane.
This pseudocolored image taken with a scanning electron microscope shows an axon terminal that was broken open to reveal synaptic vesicles inside the neuron.
The neurotransmitter diffuses across the synaptic cleft and binds to receptor proteins on the postsynaptic membrane.
The calcium entry causes synaptic vesicles to fuse with the membrane and release neurotransmitter molecules into the synaptic cleft.
The neurotransmitter diffuses across the synaptic cleft and binds to ligand-gated ion channels in the postsynaptic membrane, resulting in a localized depolarization or hyperpolarization of the postsynaptic neuron.
The binding of a specific neurotransmitter causes particular ion channels, in this case ligand-gated channels, on the postsynaptic membrane to open.
Neurotransmitters can either have excitatory or inhibitory effects on the postsynaptic membrane.
For example, when acetylcholine is released at the synapse between a nerve and muscle by a presynaptic neuron, it causes postsynaptic Na+ channels to open.
Na+ enters the postsynaptic cell and causes the postsynaptic membrane to depolarize.
Release of neurotransmitter at inhibitory synapses causes inhibitory postsynaptic potentials, a hyperpolarization of the presynaptic membrane.
For example, when the neurotransmitter GABA is released from a presynaptic neuron, it binds to and opens Cl- channels.
Cl- ions enter the cell and hyperpolarizes the membrane, making the neuron less likely to fire an action potential.
Once neurotransmission has occurred, the neurotransmitter must be removed from the synaptic cleft so the postsynaptic membrane can "reset" and be ready to receive another signal.
Several drugs act at this step of neurotransmission.
For example, some drugs that are given to Alzheimer's patients work by inhibiting acetylcholinesterase, the enzyme that degrades acetylcholine.
This inhibition of the enzyme essentially increases neurotransmission at synapses that release acetylcholine.
Once released, the acetylcholine stays in the cleft and can continually bind and unbind to postsynaptic receptors.
Electrical Synapse While electrical synapses are fewer in number than chemical synapses, they are found in all nervous systems and play important and unique roles.
The mode of neurotransmission in electrical synapses is quite different from that in chemical synapses.
In an electrical synapse, the presynaptic and postsynaptic membranes are very close together and are actually physically connected by channel proteins forming gap junctions.
Gap junctions allow current to pass directly from one cell to the next.
some electrical synapses are bidirectional.
Electrical synapses are also more reliable as they are less likely to be blocked, and they are important for synchronizing the electrical activity of a group of neurons.
Electrical synapses are also more reliable as they are less likely to be blocked.
they are important for synchronizing the electrical activity of a group of neurons.
For example, electrical synapses in the thalamus are thought to regulate slow-wave sleep, and disruption of these synapses can cause seizures.
For example, electrical synapses in the thalamus are thought to regulate slow-wave sleep.
disruption of these synapses can cause seizures.
Additionally, one neuron often has inputs from many presynaptic neurons—some excitatory and some inhibitory—so IPSPs can cancel out EPSPs and vice versa.
It is the net change in postsynaptic membrane voltage that determines whether the postsynaptic cell has reached its threshold of excitation needed to fire an action potential.
Together, synaptic summation and the threshold for excitation act as a filter so that random "noise" in the system is not transmitted as important information.
A single neuron can receive both excitatory and inhibitory inputs from multiple neurons, resulting in local membrane depolarization and hyperpolarization.
All these inputs are added together at the axon hillock.
EVERYDAY CONNECTION Brain-computer interface Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is a neurological disease characterized by the degeneration of the motor neurons that control voluntary movements.
The disease begins with muscle weakening and lack of coordination and eventually destroys the neurons that control speech, breathing, and swallowing; in the end, the disease can lead to paralysis.
The disease begins with muscle weakening and lack of coordination and eventually destroys the neurons that control speech, breathing, and swallowing.
in the end, the disease can lead to paralysis.
The disease begins with muscle weakening and lack of coordination and eventually destroys the neurons that control speech, breathing.
swallowing; in the end, the disease can lead to paralysis.
At that point, patients require assistance from machines to be able to breathe and to communicate.
Several special technologies have been developed to allow "locked-in" patients to communicate with the rest of the world.
One technology, for example, allows patients to type out sentences by twitching their cheek.
These sentences can then be read aloud by a computer.
This technology sounds like something out of science fiction: it allows paralyzed patients to control a computer using only their thoughts.
Some forms use EEG recordings from electrodes taped onto the skull.
These recordings contain information from large populations of neurons that can be decoded by a computer.
Other forms of BCI require the implantation of an array of electrodes smaller than a postage stamp in the arm and hand area of the motor cortex.
This form of BCI, while more invasive, is very powerful as each electrode can record actual action potentials from one or more neurons.
These signals are then sent to a computer, which has been trained to decode the signal and feed it to a tool—such as a cursor on a computer screen.
Recent advances have allowed a paralyzed locked-in patient who suffered a stroke 15 years ago to control a robotic arm and even to feed herself coffee using BCI technology.
Despite the amazing advancements in BCI technology, it also has limitations.
The technology can require many hours of training and long periods of intense concentration for the patient; it can also require brain surgery to implant the devices.
The technology can require many hours of training and long periods of intense concentration for the patient.
it can also require brain surgery to implant the devices.
Synaptic Plasticity Synapses are not static structures.
Synaptic plasticity allows for these changes, which are all needed for a functioning nervous system.
In fact, synaptic plasticity is the basis of learning and memory.
Long-term Potentiation Long-term potentiation is a persistent strengthening of a synaptic connection.
LTP is based on the Hebbian principle: cells that fire together wire together.
There are various mechanisms, none fully understood, behind the synaptic strengthening seen with LTP.
The insertion of additional AMPA receptors strengthens the synapse and means that the postsynaptic neuron is more likely to fire in response to presynaptic neurotransmitter release.
Some drugs of abuse co-opt the LTP pathway, and this synaptic strengthening can lead to addiction.
Some drugs of abuse co-opt the LTP pathway.
this synaptic strengthening can lead to addiction.
Long-term Depression Long-term depression is essentially the reverse of LTP: it is a long-term weakening of a synaptic connection.
The decrease in AMPA receptors in the membrane makes the postsynaptic neuron less responsive to glutamate released from the presynaptic neuron.
While it may seem counterintuitive, LTD may be just as important for learning and memory as LTP.
The weakening and pruning of unused synapses allows for unimportant connections to be lost and makes the synapses that have undergone LTP that much stronger by comparison.
This stimulation causes a calcium- and CaMKII-dependent cellular cascade, which results in the insertion of more AMPA receptors into the postsynaptic membrane.
The next time glutamate is released from the presynaptic cell, it will bind to both NMDA and the newly inserted AMPA receptors, thus depolarizing the membrane more efficiently.
The calcium that does flow through NMDA receptors initiates a different calcineurin and protein phosphatase 1-dependent cascade, which results in the endocytosis of AMPA receptors.
This makes the postsynaptic neuron less responsive to glutamate released from the presynaptic neuron.
The outermost layer is the dura mater.
thick layer is to protect the brain and spinal cord.
The dura mater also contains vein-like structures that carry blood from the brain back to the heart.
The middle layer is the web-like arachnoid mater.
The last layer is the pia mater, which directly contacts and covers the brain and spinal cord like plastic wrap.
The space between the arachnoid and pia maters is filled with cerebrospinal fluid.
CSF is produced by a tissue called choroid plexus in fluid-filled compartments in the CNS called ventricles.
The brain floats in CSF, which acts as a cushion and shock absorber and makes the brain neutrally buoyant.
CSF also functions to circulate chemical substances throughout the brain and into the spinal cord.
The entire brain contains only about 8.5 tablespoons of CSF, but CSF is constantly produced in the ventricles.
This creates a problem when a ventricle is blocked—the CSF builds up and creates swelling and the brain is pushed against the skull.
The cerebral cortex is covered by three layers of meninges: the dura, arachnoid, and pia maters.
The cerebral cortex is covered by three layers of meninges: the dura, arachnoid.
Brain The brain is the part of the central nervous system that is contained in the cranial cavity of the skull.
It includes the cerebral cortex, limbic system, basal ganglia, thalamus, hypothalamus, and cerebellum.
It includes the cerebral cortex, limbic system, basal ganglia, thalamus, hypothalamus.
A thick fiber bundle called the corpus callosum connects the two hemispheres and allows information to be passed from one side to the other.
Although there are some brain functions that are localized more to one hemisphere than the other, the functions of the two hemispheres are largely redundant.
In fact, sometimes an entire hemisphere is removed to treat severe epilepsy.
While patients do suffer some deficits following the surgery, they can have surprisingly few problems, especially when the surgery is performed on children who have very immature nervous systems.
These illustrations show the coronal and sagittal sections of the human brain.
In other surgeries to treat severe epilepsy, the corpus callosum is cut instead of removing an entire hemisphere.
This causes a condition called split-brain, which gives insights into unique functions of the two hemispheres.
Each cortical hemisphere contains regions called lobes that are involved in different functions.
They also conduct animal studies where they stimulate brain areas and see if there are any behavioral changes.
That being said, each hemisphere of the mammalian cerebral cortex can be broken down into four functionally and spatially defined lobes: frontal, parietal, temporal, and occipital.
That being said, each hemisphere of the mammalian cerebral cortex can be broken down into four functionally and spatially defined lobes: frontal, parietal, temporal.
The human cerebral cortex includes the frontal, parietal, temporal, and occipital lobes.
The human cerebral cortex includes the frontal, parietal, temporal.
The frontal lobe is located at the front of the brain, over the eyes.
The frontal lobe also contains the motor cortex, which is important for planning and implementing movement.
Neurons in the frontal lobe also control cognitive functions like maintaining attention, speech, and decision-making.
Neurons in the frontal lobe also control cognitive functions like maintaining attention, speech.
Studies of humans who have damaged their frontal lobes show that parts of this area are involved in personality, socialization, and assessing risk.
Studies of humans who have damaged their frontal lobes show that parts of this area are involved in personality, socialization.
Muscle groups that are neighbors in the body are generally controlled by neighboring regions of the motor cortex as well.
The parietal lobe is located at the top of the brain.
Neurons in the parietal lobe are involved in speech and also reading.
The parietal lobe contains a somatosensory map of the body similar to the motor cortex.
The occipital lobe is located at the back of the brain.
It is primarily involved in vision—seeing, recognizing, and identifying the visual world.
It is primarily involved in vision—seeing, recognizing.
The temporal lobe is located at the base of the brain by your ears and is primarily involved in processing and interpreting sounds.
It also contains the hippocampus—a structure that processes memory formation.
His seizures went away, but he could no longer form new memories.
Compared to other vertebrates, mammals have exceptionally large brains for their body size.
An entire alligator's brain, for example, would fill about one and a half teaspoons.
This increase in brain to body size ratio is especially pronounced in apes, whales, and dolphins.
This increase in brain to body size ratio is especially pronounced in apes, whales.
While this increase in overall brain size doubtlessly played a role in the evolution of complex behaviors unique to mammals, it does not tell the whole story.
Scientists have found a relationship between the relatively high surface area of the cortex and the intelligence and complex social behaviors exhibited by some mammals.
This increased surface area is due, in part, to increased folding of the cortical sheet.
For example, a rat cortex is very smooth with very few sulci and gyri.
Cat and sheep cortices have more sulci and gyri.
Chimps, humans, and dolphins have even more.
dolphins have even more.
Within mammals, increased cortical folding and surface area is correlated with complex behavior.
Damage to the basal ganglia, as in Parkinson's disease, leads to motor impairments like a shuffling gait when walking.
The basal ganglia also regulate motivation.
But when he was externally stimulated—as when someone asked to play a card game with him—he was able to function normally.
Interestingly, he and other similar patients do not report feeling bored or frustrated by their state.
It receives sensory and motor inputs from the body and also receives feedback from the cortex.
This feedback mechanism can modulate conscious awareness of sensory and motor inputs depending on the attention and arousal state of the animal.
The thalamus helps regulate consciousness, arousal, and sleep states.
The thalamus helps regulate consciousness, arousal.
A rare genetic disorder called fatal familial insomnia causes the degeneration of thalamic neurons and glia.
This disorder prevents affected patients from being able to sleep, among other symptoms, and is eventually fatal.
This disorder prevents affected patients from being able to sleep, among other symptoms.
The limbic system regulates emotion and other behaviors.
This relationship means that the hypothalamus regulates important behaviors that are controlled by these hormones.
The hypothalamus is the body's thermostat—it makes sure key functions like food and water intake, energy expenditure, and body temperature are kept at appropriate levels.
The hypothalamus is the body's thermostat—it makes sure key functions like food and water intake, energy expenditure.
body temperature are kept at appropriate levels.
Neurons within the hypothalamus also regulate circadian rhythms, sometimes called sleep cycles.
Limbic System The limbic system is a connected set of structures that regulates emotion, as well as behaviors related to fear and motivation.
It plays a role in memory formation and includes parts of the thalamus and hypothalamus as well as the hippocampus.
The two amygdala are important both for the sensation of fear and for recognizing fearful faces.
The cingulate gyrus helps regulate emotions and pain.
The cerebellum controls balance and aids in coordinating movement and learning new motor tasks.
It consists of the midbrain, medulla oblongata, and the pons.
It consists of the midbrain, medulla oblongata.
Motor and sensory neurons extend through the brainstem allowing for the relay of signals between the brain and spinal cord.
Ascending neural pathways cross in this section of the brain allowing the left hemisphere of the cerebrum to control the right side of the body and vice versa.
The brainstem controls several important functions of the body including alertness, arousal, breathing, blood pressure, digestion, heart rate, swallowing, walking, and sensory and motor information integration.
The brainstem controls several important functions of the body including alertness, arousal, breathing, blood pressure, digestion, heart rate, swallowing, walking.
The spinal cord is a thick bundle of nerve tissue that carries information about the body to the brain and from the brain to the body.
Gray matter is also composed of interneurons, which connect two neurons each located in different parts of the body.
Axons and cell bodies in the dorsal spinal cord convey mostly sensory information from the body to the brain.
Axons and cell bodies in the ventral spinal cord primarily transmit signals controlling movement from the brain to the body.
The spinal cord also controls motor reflexes.
These reflexes are quick, unconscious movements—like automatically removing a hand from a hot object.
Reflexes are so fast because they involve local synaptic connections.
For example, the knee reflex that a doctor tests during a routine physical is controlled by a single synapse between a sensory neuron and a motor neuron.
Because the spinal cord is the information superhighway connecting the brain with the body, damage to the spinal cord can lead to paralysis.
The extent of the paralysis depends on the location of the injury along the spinal cord and whether the spinal cord was completely severed.
One such treatment is to pump the body with cold saline to induce hypothermia.
This cooling can prevent swelling and other processes that are thought to worsen spinal cord injuries.
A cross-section of the spinal cord shows gray matter and white matter.
The peripheral nervous system is the connection between the central nervous system and the rest of the body.
The CNS is like the power plant of the nervous system.
It creates the signals that control the functions of the body.
The PNS is like the wires that go to individual houses.
Without those "wires," the signals produced by the CNS could not control the body.
The postganglionic neuron, in turn, acts on a target organ.
Autonomic responses are mediated by the sympathetic and the parasympathetic systems, which are antagonistic to one another.
The sympathetic system activates the "fight or flight" response, while the parasympathetic system activates the "rest and digest" response.
The sympathetic system activates the "fight or flight" response.
the parasympathetic system activates the "rest and digest" response.
The parasympathetic pathway is responsible for resting the body, while the sympathetic pathway is responsible for preparing for an emergency.
The parasympathetic pathway is responsible for resting the body.
the sympathetic pathway is responsible for preparing for an emergency.
Most preganglionic neurons in the sympathetic pathway originate in the spinal cord.
c. Slowing of the heartbeat is a parasympathetic response.
Parasympathetic neurons are responsible for releasing norepinephrine on the target organ, while sympathetic neurons are responsible for releasing acetylcholine.
Parasympathetic neurons are responsible for releasing norepinephrine on the target organ.
sympathetic neurons are responsible for releasing acetylcholine.
The autonomic nervous system serves as the relay between the CNS and the internal organs.
It controls the lungs, the heart, smooth muscle, and exocrine and endocrine glands.
It controls the lungs, the heart, smooth muscle.
The sympathetic nervous system is responsible for the "fight or flight" response that occurs when an animal encounters a dangerous situation.
Examples of functions controlled by the sympathetic nervous system include an accelerated heart rate and inhibited digestion.
These functions help prepare an organism's body for the physical strain required to escape a potentially dangerous situation or to fend off a predator.
The sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems often have opposing effects on target organs.
The axons of these neurons release acetylcholine on postganglionic neurons within sympathetic ganglia.
The acetylcholine activates the postganglionic neurons.
Postganglionic neurons then release norepinephrine onto target organs.
system are quite pervasive.
The axons of the preganglionic neurons release acetylcholine on the postganglionic neurons, which are generally located very near the target organs.
Most postganglionic neurons release acetylcholine onto target organs, although some release nitric oxide.
The parasympathetic nervous system resets organ function after the sympathetic nervous system is activated.
Effects of acetylcholine release on target organs include slowing of heart rate, lowered blood pressure, and stimulation of digestion.
Effects of acetylcholine release on target organs include slowing of heart rate, lowered blood pressure.
Sensory neurons transmit sensory information from the skin, skeletal muscle, and sensory organs to the CNS.
Sensory neurons transmit sensory information from the skin, skeletal muscle.
Motor neurons transmit messages about desired movement from the CNS to the muscles to make them contract.
Acetylcholine is the main neurotransmitter released at these synapses.
Humans have 12 cranial nerves, nerves that emerge from or enter the skull, as opposed to the spinal nerves, which emerge from the vertebral column.
Some cranial nerves transmit only sensory information.
For example, the olfactory nerve transmits information about smells from the nose to the brainstem.
Other cranial nerves transmit almost solely motor information.
For example, the oculomotor nerve controls the opening and closing of the eyelid and some eye movements.
Other cranial nerves contain a mix of sensory and motor fibers.
For example, the glossopharyngeal nerve has a role in both taste and swallowing.
The human brain contains 12 cranial nerves that receive sensory input and control motor output for the head and neck.
Spinal nerves transmit sensory and motor information between the spinal cord and the rest of the body.
Each of the 31 spinal nerves contains both sensory and motor axons.
Each sensory neuron has one projection—with a sensory receptor ending in skin, muscle, or sensory organs—and another that synapses with a neuron in the dorsal spinal cord.
Each sensory neuron has one projection—with a sensory receptor ending in skin, muscle.
Motor neurons have cell bodies in the ventral gray matter of the spinal cord that project to muscle through the ventral root.
These neurons are usually stimulated by interneurons within the spinal cord but are sometimes directly stimulated by sensory neurons.
The somas of sensory neurons are located in dorsal root ganglia.
The somas of motor neurons are found in the ventral portion of the gray matter of the spinal cord.
A nervous system that functions correctly is a fantastically complex, well-oiled machine—synapses fire appropriately, muscles move when needed, memories are formed and stored, and emotions are well regulated.
A nervous system that functions correctly is a fantastically complex, well-oiled machine—synapses fire appropriately, muscles move when needed, memories are formed and stored.
emotions are well regulated.
Unfortunately, each year millions of people in the United States deal with some sort of nervous system disorder.
Neurodegenerative Disorders Neurodegenerative disorders are illnesses characterized by a loss of nervous system functioning that are usually caused by neuronal death.
These diseases generally worsen over time as more and more neurons die.
The symptoms of a particular neurodegenerative disease are related to where in the nervous system the death of neurons occurs.
Spinocerebellar ataxia, for example, leads to neuronal death in the cerebellum.
The death of these neurons causes problems in balance and walking.
Neurodegenerative disorders include Huntington's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, Alzheimer's disease and other types of dementia disorders, and Parkinson's disease.
Neurodegenerative disorders include Huntington's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, Alzheimer's disease and other types of dementia disorders.
Here, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease will be discussed in more depth.
Alzheimer's Disease Alzheimer's disease is the most common cause of dementia in the elderly.
In 2012, an estimated 5.4 million Americans suffered from Alzheimer's disease, and payments for their care are estimated at $200 billion.
In 2012, an estimated 5.4 million Americans suffered from Alzheimer's disease.
payments for their care are estimated at $200 billion.
Symptoms of Alzheimer's disease include disruptive memory loss, confusion about time or place, difficulty planning or executing tasks, poor judgment, and personality changes.
Symptoms of Alzheimer's disease include disruptive memory loss, confusion about time or place, difficulty planning or executing tasks, poor judgment.
Problems smelling certain scents can also be indicative of Alzheimer's disease and may serve as an early warning sign.
Alzheimer's disease was named for Alois Alzheimer, a German psychiatrist who published a report in 1911 about a woman who showed severe dementia symptoms.
Amyloid plaques, neurofibrillary tangles, and an overall shrinking of brain volume are commonly seen in the brains of Alzheimer's patients.
an overall shrinking of brain volume are commonly seen in the brains of Alzheimer's patients.
Loss of neurons in the hippocampus is especially severe in advanced Alzheimer's patients.
Many research groups are examining the causes of these hallmarks of the disease.
One form of the disease is usually caused by mutations in one of three known genes.
This rare form of early onset Alzheimer's disease affects fewer than five percent of patients with the disease and causes dementia beginning between the ages of 30 and 60.
The more prevalent, late-onset form of the disease likely also has a genetic component.
One particular gene, apolipoprotein E has a variant that increases a carrier's likelihood of getting the disease.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit this website for video links discussing genetics and Alzheimer's disease.
Current treatments focus on managing the symptoms of the disease.
Other clinical interventions focus on behavioral therapies like psychotherapy, sensory therapy, and cognitive exercises.
Other clinical interventions focus on behavioral therapies like psychotherapy, sensory therapy.
Since Alzheimer's disease appears to hijack the normal aging process, research into prevention is prevalent.
Smoking, obesity, and cardiovascular problems may be risk factors for the disease, so treatments for those may also help to prevent Alzheimer's disease.
cardiovascular problems may be risk factors for the disease, so treatments for those may also help to prevent Alzheimer's disease.
Compared to a normal brain, the brain from a patient with Alzheimer's disease shows a dramatic neurodegeneration, particularly within the ventricles and hippocampus.
Parkinson's Disease Like Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease is a neurodegenerative disease.
It was first characterized by James Parkinson in 1817.
Each year, 50,000-60,000 people in the United States are diagnosed with the disease.
Parkinson's disease causes the loss of dopamine neurons in the substantia nigra, a midbrain structure that regulates movement.
Loss of these neurons causes many symptoms including tremor, slowed movement, speech changes, balance and posture problems, and rigid muscles.
Loss of these neurons causes many symptoms including tremor, slowed movement, speech changes, balance and posture problems.
Patients with Parkinson's disease can also exhibit psychological symptoms, such as dementia or emotional problems.
Post-mortem analysis of brains from Parkinson's patients shows the presence of Lewy bodies—abnormal protein clumps—in dopaminergic neurons.
The prevalence of these Lewy bodies often correlates with the severity of the disease.
treatment is focused on easing symptoms.
This conversion increases the overall level of dopamine neurotransmission and can help compensate for the loss of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra.
Other drugs work by inhibiting the enzyme that breaks down dopamine.
Some, like Down Syndrome, cause intellectual deficits.
Others specifically affect communication, learning, or the motor system.
Others specifically affect communication, learning.
Some disorders like autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder have complex symptoms.
Autism Autism spectrum disorder is a neurodevelopmental disorder.
Its severity differs from person to person.
Estimates for the prevalence of the disorder have changed rapidly in the past few decades.
Current estimates suggest that one in 88 children will develop the disorder.
ASD is four times more prevalent in males than females.
LINK TO LEARNING This video discusses possible reasons why there has been a recent increase in the number of people diagnosed with autism.
A characteristic symptom of ASD is impaired social skills.
Children with autism may have difficulty making and maintaining eye contact and reading social cues.
They also may have problems feeling empathy for others.
Other symptoms of ASD include repetitive motor behaviors, preoccupation with specific subjects, strict adherence to certain rituals, and unusual language use.
Other symptoms of ASD include repetitive motor behaviors, preoccupation with specific subjects, strict adherence to certain rituals.
Up to 30 percent of patients with ASD develop epilepsy.
patients with some forms of the disorder also have intellectual disability.
Because it is a spectrum disorder, other ASD patients are very functional and have good-to-excellent language skills.
Except for some well-characterized, clearly genetic forms of autism, the causes of ASD are largely unknown.
Variants of several genes correlate with the presence of ASD, but for any given patient, many different mutations in different genes may be required for the disease to develop.
At a general level, ASD is thought to be a disease of "incorrect" wiring.
Accordingly, brains of some ASD patients lack the same level of synaptic pruning that occurs in non-affected people.
In the 1990s, a research paper linked autism to a common vaccine given to children.
follow- up studies showed no connection between vaccines and autism.
Treatment for autism usually combines behavioral therapies and interventions, along with medications to treat other disorders common to people with autism.
Approximately three to five percent of children and adults are affected by attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Like ASD, ADHD is more prevalent in males than females.
Symptoms of the disorder include inattention, executive functioning difficulties, impulsivity, and hyperactivity beyond what is characteristic of the normal developmental stage.
Symptoms of the disorder include inattention, executive functioning difficulties, impulsivity.
Some patients do not have the hyperactive component of symptoms and are diagnosed with a subtype of ADHD: attention deficit disorder.
Many people with ADHD also show comorbitity, in that they develop secondary disorders in addition to ADHD.
Examples include depression or obsessive compulsive disorder.
The cause of ADHD is unknown, although research points to a delay and dysfunction in the development of the prefrontal cortex and disturbances in neurotransmission.
According to studies of twins, the disorder has a strong genetic component.
Environmental factors, including exposure to certain pesticides, may also contribute to the development of ADHD in some patients.
Treatment for ADHD often involves behavioral therapies and the prescription of stimulant medications, which paradoxically cause a calming effect in these patients.
Neurologist Neurologists are physicians who specialize in disorders of the nervous system.
Neurologists are medical doctors who have attended college, medical school, and completed three to four years of neurology residency.
Neurologists are medical doctors who have attended college, medical school.
When examining a new patient, a neurologist takes a full medical history and performs a complete physical exam.
For example, to check whether the hypoglossal nerve is functioning correctly, the neurologist will ask the patient to move their tongue in different ways.
Neurologists have other tools besides a physical exam they can use to diagnose particular problems in the nervous system.
To treat patients with neurological problems, neurologists can prescribe medications or refer the patient to a neurosurgeon for surgery.
Mental Illnesses Mental illnesses are nervous system disorders that result in problems with thinking, mood, or relating with other people.
Mental Illnesses Mental illnesses are nervous system disorders that result in problems with thinking, mood.
These disorders are severe enough to affect a person's quality of life and often make it difficult for people to perform the routine tasks of daily living.
Each newly released version of the DSM contains different symptoms and classifications as scientists learn more about these disorders, their causes, and how they relate to each other.
Each newly released version of the DSM contains different symptoms and classifications as scientists learn more about these disorders, their causes.
how they relate to each other.
Schizophrenia Schizophrenia is a serious and often debilitating mental illness affecting one percent of people in the United States.
Symptoms of the disease include the inability to differentiate between reality and imagination, inappropriate and unregulated emotional responses, difficulty thinking, and problems with social situations.
Symptoms of the disease include the inability to differentiate between reality and imagination, inappropriate and unregulated emotional responses, difficulty thinking.
People with schizophrenia can suffer from hallucinations and hear voices; they may also suffer from delusions.
People with schizophrenia can suffer from hallucinations and hear voices.
they may also suffer from delusions.
Patients also have so-called "negative" symptoms like a flattened emotional state, loss of pleasure, and loss of basic drives.
Patients also have so-called "negative" symptoms like a flattened emotional state, loss of pleasure.
Many schizophrenic patients are diagnosed in their late adolescence or early 20s.
The development of schizophrenia is thought to involve malfunctioning dopaminergic neurons and may also involve problems with glutamate signaling.
Treatment for the disease usually requires antipsychotic medications that work by blocking dopamine receptors and decreasing dopamine neurotransmission in the brain.
This decrease in dopamine can cause Parkinson's disease-like symptoms in some patients.
While some classes of antipsychotics can be quite effective at treating the disease, they are not a cure, and most patients must remain medicated for the rest of their lives.
While some classes of antipsychotics can be quite effective at treating the disease, they are not a cure.
most patients must remain medicated for the rest of their lives.
Depression Major depression affects approximately 6.7 percent of the adults in the United States each year and is one of the most common mental disorders.
The exact causes of major depression are unknown and likely include both genetic and environmental risk factors.
Some research supports the "classic monoamine hypothesis," which suggests that depression is caused by a decrease in norepinephrine and serotonin neurotransmission.
antidepressants force a feedback loop that decreases this release.
it may actually be an increase in norepinephrine and serotonin that causes the disease, and antidepressants force a feedback loop that decreases this release.
Treatments for depression include psychotherapy, electroconvulsive therapy, deep-brain stimulation, and prescription medications.
Treatments for depression include psychotherapy, electroconvulsive therapy, deep-brain stimulation.
For example, monoamine oxidase inhibitors block the enzyme that degrades many neurotransmitters, resulting in increased neurotransmitter in the synaptic cleft.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors block the reuptake of serotonin into the presynaptic neuron.
This blockage results in an increase in serotonin in the synaptic cleft.
Other types of drugs such as norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitors and norepinephrine-serotonin reuptake inhibitors are also used to treat depression.
These include chronic pain conditions, cancers of the nervous system, epilepsy disorders, and stroke.
These include chronic pain conditions, cancers of the nervous system, epilepsy disorders.
Epilepsy and stroke are discussed below.
Epilepsy Estimates suggest that up to three percent of people in the United States will be diagnosed with epilepsy in their lifetime.
While there are several different types of epilepsy, all are characterized by recurrent seizures.
Epilepsy itself can be a symptom of a brain injury, disease, or other illness.
Epilepsy itself can be a symptom of a brain injury, disease.
For example, people who have intellectual disability or ASD can experience seizures, presumably because the developmental wiring malfunctions that caused their disorders also put them at risk for epilepsy.
For many patients, however, the cause of their epilepsy is never identified and is likely to be a combination of genetic and environmental factors.
Often, seizures can be controlled with anticonvulsant medications.
However, for very severe cases, patients may undergo brain surgery to remove the brain area where seizures originate.
Without the oxygen supplied by blood flow, neurons in this brain region die.
This neuronal death can cause many different symptoms—depending on the brain area affected—including headache, muscle weakness or paralysis, speech disturbances, sensory problems, memory loss, and confusion.
This neuronal death can cause many different symptoms—depending on the brain area affected—including headache, muscle weakness or paralysis, speech disturbances, sensory problems, memory loss.
Stroke is often caused by blood clots and can also be caused by the bursting of a weak blood vessel.
Strokes are extremely common and are the third most common cause of death in the United States.
On average one person experiences a stroke every 40 seconds in the United States.
Approximately 75 percent of strokes occur in people older than 65.
Risk factors for stroke include high blood pressure, diabetes, high cholesterol, and a family history of stroke.
Risk factors for stroke include high blood pressure, diabetes, high cholesterol.
Smoking doubles the risk of stroke.
Treatment following a stroke can include blood pressure medication and physical therapy.
The nervous system is made up of neurons and glia.
How Neurons Communicate Neurons are specialized cells that are capable of Neurons have charged membranes because there are sending electrical as well as chemical signals.
Most different concentrations of ions inside and outside of neurons contain dendrites, which receive these signals, the cell.
Voltage-gated ion channels control the and axons that send signals to other neurons or movement of ions into and out of a neuron.
The are non-neuronal cells in the nervous system that action potential is then propagated along a myelinated support neuronal development and signaling.
It transmits sensory and motor input molecules into the synaptic cleft.
The Peripheral Nervous System by depolarizing or hyperpolarizing, respectively, the The peripheral nervous system contains both the postsynaptic membrane.
Synapses are not static structures and systems.
The sympathetic nervous system is activated can be strengthened and weakened.
Two mechanisms in stressful situations to prepare the animal for a "fight of synaptic plasticity are long-term potentiation and or flight" response.
system is active during restful periods.
The brain contains structurally and functionally defined regions.
While functions may be primarily and nurture.
The spinal cord is the and only address symptoms.
The parasympathetic pathway is b. Myelin sheath provides an insulating layer responsible for relaxing the body, while to the dendrites.
The parasympathetic pathway is b. Myelin sheath provides an insulating layer responsible for relaxing the body.
the sympathetic pathway is responsible c. Axons carry the signal from the soma to for preparing for an emergency.
Most preganglionic neurons in the d. Dendrites carry the signal to the soma.
sympathetic pathway originate in the spinal cord.
Neurons contain ________, which can receive b. mitochondria signals from other neurons.
The ________ lobe contains the visual cortex.
a. limbic system a. Schwann cells b. corpus callosum b. oligodendrocytes c. cerebellum c. microglia d. pituitary d. astrocytes 14.
c. parietal lobe a. astrocytes d. hippocampus b. microglia c. neurons 15.
Phineas Gage was a 19th century railroad worker d. satellite glia who survived an accident that drove a large iron rod through his head.
If the injury resulted in him 8.
For a neuron to fire an action potential, its becoming temperamental and capricious what membrane must reach ________.
Parkinson's disease is a caused by the c. voltage-gated ion channels degeneration of neurons that release ________.
The onset and display of symptoms varies patients with ADHD.
Their genes predispose them to 21.
Strokes are often caused by ________.
Stimulant medications cause new b. blood clots or burst blood vessels behavioral disorders.
d. Dysfunction in the brain can affect many 22.
Why is it difficult to identify the cause of many aspects of the body.
Multiple sclerosis causes demyelination of axons 33.
What are the main differences between the in the brain and spinal cord.
Many neurons have only a single axon, but many 34.
What are the main functions of the sensory- terminals at the end of the axon.
What are the main steps in chemical 36.
nervous system is not well-adapted to modern human life.
What methods can be used to determine the 37.