# Biology2e Chapter 36 — Sensory Systems
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 547

While it is helpful to this underwater predator, electrosensitivity is a sense not found in most land animals.
Senses provide information about the body and its environment.
Humans have five special senses: olfaction, gustation, equilibrium, vision, and hearing.
Humans have five special senses: olfaction, gustation, equilibrium, vision.
Additionally, we possess general senses, also called somatosensation, which respond to stimuli like temperature, pain, pressure, and vibration.
Additionally, we possess general senses, also called somatosensation, which respond to stimuli like temperature, pain, pressure.
In one, a neuron works with a sensory receptor, a cell, or cell process that is specialized to engage with and detect a specific stimulus.
In one, a neuron works with a sensory receptor, a cell.
Stimulation of the sensory receptor activates the associated afferent neuron, which carries information about the stimulus to the central nervous system.
In the second type of sensory transduction, a sensory nerve ending responds to a stimulus in the internal or external environment: this neuron constitutes the sensory receptor.
Free nerve endings can be stimulated by several different stimuli, thus showing little receptor specificity.
For example, pain receptors in your gums and teeth may be stimulated by temperature changes, chemical stimulation, or pressure.
For example, pain receptors in your gums and teeth may be stimulated by temperature changes, chemical stimulation.
Reception The first step in sensation is reception, which is the activation of sensory receptors by stimuli such as mechanical stimuli, chemicals, or temperature.
Reception The first step in sensation is reception, which is the activation of sensory receptors by stimuli such as mechanical stimuli, chemicals.
The receptor can then respond to the stimuli.
The region in space in which a given sensory receptor can respond to a stimulus, be it far away or in contact with the body, is that receptor's receptive field.
For the sense of touch, a stimulus must come into contact with the body.
For the sense of hearing, a stimulus can be a moderate distance away.
For vision, a stimulus can be very far away; for example, the visual system perceives light from stars at enormous distances.
For vision, a stimulus can be very far away.
for example, the visual system perceives light from stars at enormous distances.
Transduction The most fundamental function of a sensory system is the translation of a sensory signal to an electrical signal in the nervous system.
This takes place at the sensory receptor, and the change in electrical potential that is produced is called the receptor potential.
This takes place at the sensory receptor.
Disturbance of these dendrites by compressing them or bending them opens gated ion channels in the plasma membrane of the sensory neuron, changing its electrical potential.
Receptor potentials are graded potentials: the magnitude of these graded potentials varies with the strength of the stimulus.
If the magnitude of depolarization is sufficient, the neuron will fire an action potential.
as those in the visual system, this is not always the case.
A mechanosensitive channel is connected to the plasma membrane and the cytoskeleton by hair-like tethers.
Stereocilia in the human ear are connected to mechanosensitive ion channels.
When a sound causes the stereocilia to move, mechanosensitive ion channels transduce the signal to the cochlear nerve.
Sensory receptors for different senses are very different from each other, and they are specialized according to the type of stimulus they sense: they have receptor specificity.
Sensory receptors for different senses are very different from each other.
they are specialized according to the type of stimulus they sense: they have receptor specificity.
For example, touch receptors, light receptors, and sound receptors are each activated by different stimuli.
sound receptors are each activated by different stimuli.
Touch receptors are not sensitive to light or sound; they are sensitive only to touch or pressure.
Touch receptors are not sensitive to light or sound.
they are sensitive only to touch or pressure.
However, stimuli may be combined at higher levels in the brain, as happens with olfaction, contributing to our sense of taste.
Thus, action potentials transmitted over a sensory receptor's afferent axons encode one type of stimulus, and this segregation of the senses is preserved in other sensory circuits.
Thus, action potentials transmitted over a sensory receptor's afferent axons encode one type of stimulus.
this segregation of the senses is preserved in other sensory circuits.
The intensity of a stimulus is often encoded in the rate of action potentials produced by the sensory receptor.
Thus, an intense stimulus will produce a more rapid train of action potentials, and reducing the stimulus will likewise slow the rate of production of action potentials.
Thus, an intense stimulus will produce a more rapid train of action potentials.
A second way in which intensity is encoded is by the number of receptors activated.
An intense stimulus might initiate action potentials in a large number of adjacent receptors, while a less intense stimulus might stimulate fewer receptors.
An intense stimulus might initiate action potentials in a large number of adjacent receptors.
a less intense stimulus might stimulate fewer receptors.
information is received in the CNS, and the brain will further process incoming signals.
information is received in the CNS.
the brain will further process incoming signals.
Perception Perception is an individual's interpretation of a sensation.
Although perception relies on the activation of sensory receptors, perception happens not at the level of the sensory receptor, but at higher levels in the nervous system, in the brain.
The brain distinguishes sensory stimuli through a sensory pathway: action potentials from sensory receptors travel along neurons that are dedicated to a particular stimulus.
These neurons are dedicated to that particular stimulus and synapse with particular neurons in the brain or spinal cord.
All sensory signals, except those from the olfactory system, are transmitted through the central nervous system and are routed to the thalamus and to the appropriate region of the cortex.
Interpretation of sensory signals between individuals of the same species is largely similar, owing to the inherited similarity of their nervous systems.
A good example of this is individual tolerances to a painful stimulus, such as dental pain, which certainly differ.
It is easy to differentiate between a one-pound bag of rice and a two-pound bag of rice.
one bag is twice as heavy as the other.
This smallest detectible difference in stimuli is known as the just-noticeable difference.
You will be testing JND of different weights of rice in bags.
For example, you could choose 10 percent increments between one and two pounds or 20 percent increments.
JND between the two small bags and between the two large bags is proportionally the same," or ". . .
Given the large difference between 20 and 40 pounds, you may wish to use 30 pounds as your larger weight.
For the one-pound and 20-pound groups record a plus sign for each participant that detects a difference between the base weight and the step weight.
Weber's Law states that the concept that a just-noticeable difference in a stimulus is proportional to the magnitude of the original stimulus.
Somatosensation is a mixed sensory category and includes all sensation received from the skin and mucous membranes, as well from as the limbs and joints.
Somatosensation is also known as tactile sense, or more familiarly, as the sense of touch.
Somatosensation is also known as tactile sense.
Somatosensation occurs all over the exterior of the body and at some interior locations as well.
A variety of receptor types—embedded in the skin, mucous membranes, muscles, joints, internal organs, and cardiovascular system—play a role.
cardiovascular system—play a role.
The epidermis serves as a barrier to water and to invasion by pathogens.
Below the epidermis and dermis is the subcutaneous tissue, or hypodermis, the fatty layer that contains blood vessels, connective tissue, and the axons of sensory neurons.
Below the epidermis and dermis is the subcutaneous tissue, or hypodermis, the fatty layer that contains blood vessels, connective tissue.
Below the epidermis and dermis is the subcutaneous tissue.
The hypodermis, which holds about 50 percent of the body's fat, attaches the dermis to the bone and muscle, and supplies nerves and blood vessels to the dermis.
The hypodermis, which holds about 50 percent of the body's fat, attaches the dermis to the bone and muscle.
Somatosensory Receptors Somatosensory receptors are classified into four categories: mechanoreceptors, thermoreceptors, pain receptors, and chemoreceptors.
Somatosensory Receptors Somatosensory receptors are classified into four categories: mechanoreceptors, thermoreceptors, pain receptors.
These categories are based on the nature of stimuli each receptor class transduces.
A free nerve ending, as its name implies, is an unencapsulated dendrite of a sensory neuron.
Free nerve endings are the most common nerve endings in skin, and they extend into the middle of the epidermis.
Free nerve endings are the most common nerve endings in skin.
they extend into the middle of the epidermis.
Free nerve endings are sensitive to painful stimuli, to hot and cold, and to light touch.
Free nerve endings are sensitive to painful stimuli, to hot and cold.
They are slow to adjust to a stimulus and so are less sensitive to abrupt changes in stimulation.
Mechanoreceptors sense stimuli due to physical deformation of their plasma membranes.
They contain mechanically gated ion channels whose gates open or close in response to pressure, touch, stretching, and sound.
They contain mechanically gated ion channels whose gates open or close in response to pressure, touch, stretching.
end bulbs, are found only in specialized regions.
Merkel's disks are densely distributed in the fingertips and lips.
They are slow-adapting, unencapsulated nerve endings, and they respond to light touch.
They are slow-adapting, unencapsulated nerve endings.
they respond to light touch.
Light touch, also known as discriminative touch, is a light pressure that allows the location of a stimulus to be pinpointed.
The receptive fields of Merkel's disks are small with well-defined borders.
That makes them finely sensitive to edges and they come into use in tasks such as typing on a keyboard.
Merkel's disks, which are unencapsulated, respond to light touch.
Ruffini endings detect stretch, deformation within joints, and warmth.
Ruffini endings detect stretch, deformation within joints.
Pacinian corpuscles detect transient pressure and high-frequency vibration.
Krause end bulbs are encapsulated thermo receptors that detect cold.
a. Pacinian corpuscles are found in both glabrous and hairy skin.
Merkel's disks are abundant on the fingertips and lips.
c. Ruffini endings are encapsulated mechanoreceptors.
d. Meissner's corpuscles extend into the lower dermis.
They, too, are found primarily in the glabrous skin on the fingertips and eyelids.
They respond to fine touch and pressure, but they also respond to low-frequency vibration or flutter.
They are rapidly adapting, fluid-filled, encapsulated neurons with small, well-defined borders and are responsive to fine details.
Like Merkel's disks, Meissner's corpuscles are not as plentiful in the palms as they are in the fingertips.
Deeper in the epidermis, near the base, are Ruffini endings, which are also known as bulbous corpuscles.
These are slow-adapting, encapsulated mechanoreceptors that detect skin stretch and deformations within joints, so they provide valuable feedback for gripping objects and controlling finger position and movement.
Thus, they also contribute to proprioception and kinesthesia.
Ruffini endings also detect warmth.
It is not surprising, then, that humans detect cold stimuli before they detect warm stimuli.
They are rapidly adapting mechanoreceptors that sense deep transient pressure and high-frequency vibration.
Pacinian receptors detect pressure and vibration by being compressed, stimulating their internal dendrites.
In proprioception, proprioceptive and kinesthetic signals travel through myelinated afferent neurons running from the spinal cord to the medulla.
Neurons are not physically connected, but communicate via neurotransmitters secreted into synapses or "gaps" between communicating neurons.
Once in the medulla, the neurons continue carrying the signals to the thalamus.
Muscle spindles are stretch receptors that detect the amount of stretch, or lengthening of muscles.
Muscle spindles are stretch receptors that detect the amount of stretch.
Related to these are Golgi tendon organs, which are tension receptors that detect the force of muscle contraction.
Proprioceptive and kinesthetic signals come from limbs.
Unconscious proprioceptive signals run from the spinal cord to the cerebellum, the brain region that coordinates muscle contraction, rather than to the thalamus, like most other sensory information.
Baroreceptors detect pressure changes in an organ.
They are found in the walls of the carotid artery and the aorta where they monitor blood pressure, and in the lungs where they detect the degree of lung expansion.
They are found in the walls of the carotid artery and the aorta where they monitor blood pressure.
Stretch receptors are found at various sites in the digestive and urinary systems.
they differ in their sensitivity to movement.
Some hair receptors also detect skin deflection, and certain rapidly adapting hair receptors allow detection of stimuli that have not yet touched the skin.
Some hair receptors also detect skin deflection.
certain rapidly adapting hair receptors allow detection of stimuli that have not yet touched the skin.
The nociceptive receptors—those that detect pain—are located near the surface.
Small, finely calibrated mechanoreceptors—Merkel's disks and Meissner's corpuscles—are located in the upper layers and can precisely localize even gentle touch.
Both primary somatosensory cortex and secondary cortical areas are responsible for processing the complex picture of stimuli transmitted from the interplay of mechanoreceptors.
Density of Mechanoreceptors The distribution of touch receptors in human skin is not consistent over the body.
In humans, touch receptors are less dense in skin covered with any type of hair, such as the arms, legs, torso, and face.
In humans, touch receptors are less dense in skin covered with any type of hair, such as the arms, legs, torso.
The relative density of pressure receptors in different locations on the body can be demonstrated experimentally using a two-point discrimination test.
In this demonstration, two sharp points, such as two thumbtacks, are brought into contact with the subject's skin.
If the two points are felt as one point, it can be inferred that the two points are both in the receptive field of a single sensory receptor.
If two points are felt as two separate points, each is in the receptive field of two separate sensory receptors.
Warmth and cold information from the face travels through one of the cranial nerves to the brain.
You know from experience that a tolerably cold or hot stimulus can quickly progress to a much more intense stimulus that is no longer tolerable.
Any stimulus that is too intense can be perceived as pain because temperature sensations are conducted along the same pathways that carry pain sensations.
Pain Pain is the name given to nociception, which is the neural processing of injurious stimuli in response to tissue damage.
Pain is caused by true sources of injury, such as contact with a heat source that causes a thermal burn or contact with a corrosive chemical.
Peppers taste "hot" because the protein receptors that bind capsaicin open the same calcium channels that are activated by warm receptors.
Nociception starts at the sensory receptors, but pain, inasmuch as it is the perception of nociception, does not start until it is communicated to the brain.
Interestingly, one nociceptive pathway projects not to the thalamus but directly to the hypothalamus in the forebrain, which modulates the cardiovascular and neuroendocrine functions of the autonomic nervous system.
Taste, also called gustation, and smell, also called olfaction, are the most interconnected senses in that both involve molecules of the stimulus entering the body and bonding to receptors.
Taste, also called gustation.
Smell lets an animal sense the presence of food or other animals—whether potential mates, predators, or prey—or other chemicals in the environment that can impact their survival.
Smell lets an animal sense the presence of food or other animals—whether potential mates, predators.
Similarly, the sense of taste allows animals to discriminate between types of foods.
Different tasting foods have different attributes, both helpful and harmful.
For example, sweet-tasting substances tend to be highly caloric, which could be necessary for survival in lean times.
Bitterness is associated with toxicity, and sourness is associated with spoiled food.
Bitterness is associated with toxicity.
Salty foods are valuable in maintaining homeostasis by helping the body retain water and by providing ions necessary for cells to function.
Tastes and Odors Both taste and odor stimuli are molecules taken in from the environment.
The primary tastes detected by humans are sweet, sour, bitter, salty, and umami.
The primary tastes detected by humans are sweet, sour, bitter, salty.
The first four tastes need little explanation.
The taste of umami, also known as savoriness, is attributable to the taste of the amino acid L- glutamate.
In fact, monosodium glutamate, or MSG, is often used in cooking to enhance the savory taste of certain foods.
MSG, is often used in cooking to enhance the savory taste of certain foods.
Savory substances tend to be high in protein.
All odors that we perceive are molecules in the air we breathe.
If a substance does not release molecules into the air from its surface, it has no smell.
And if a human or other animal does not have a receptor that recognizes a specific molecule, then that molecule has no smell.
Humans have about 350 olfactory receptor subtypes that work in various combinations to allow us to sense about 10,000 different odors.
Both odors and tastes involve molecules that stimulate specific chemoreceptors.
Although humans commonly distinguish taste as one sense and smell as another, they work together to create the perception of flavor.
The olfactory epithelium is a collection of specialized olfactory receptors in the back of the nasal cavity that spans an area about 5 cm2 in humans.
Humans have about 12 million olfactory receptors, distributed among hundreds of different receptor types that respond to different odors.
The overall size of the olfactory epithelium also differs between species, with that of bloodhounds, for example, being many times larger than that of humans.
Olfactory neurons are bipolar neurons.
Each neuron has a single dendrite buried in the olfactory epithelium, and extending from this dendrite are 5 to 20 receptor-laden, hair-like cilia that trap odorant molecules.
Each neuron has a single dendrite buried in the olfactory epithelium.
The sensory receptors on the cilia are proteins, and it is the variations in their amino acid chains that make the receptors sensitive to different odorants.
The sensory receptors on the cilia are proteins.
it is the variations in their amino acid chains that make the receptors sensitive to different odorants.
Each olfactory sensory neuron has only one type of receptor on its cilia, and the receptors are specialized to detect specific odorants, so the bipolar neurons themselves are specialized.
Each olfactory sensory neuron has only one type of receptor on its cilia.
the receptors are specialized to detect specific odorants, so the bipolar neurons themselves are specialized.
other sensations are relayed through the thalamus.
In 1991, they were the first to pinpoint the olfactory receptors in the back of the nasal cavity of mice.
These detection abilities are applied in different combinations of detection to create a pattern that can both be recognized and remembered.
The exact nature of this scent identification is still being researched and debated.
Pheromones A pheromone is a chemical released by an animal that affects the behavior or physiology of animals of the same species.
Pheromonal signals can have profound effects on animals that inhale them, but pheromones apparently are not consciously perceived in the same way as other odors.
Certain pheromones are attractants to potential mates, others are repellents to potential competitors of the same sex, and still others play roles in mother-infant attachment.
Certain pheromones are attractants to potential mates, others are repellents to potential competitors of the same sex.
still others play roles in mother-infant attachment.
Some pheromones can also influence the timing of puberty, modify reproductive cycles, and even prevent embryonic implantation.
Some pheromones can also influence the timing of puberty, modify reproductive cycles.
The vomeronasal organ is a tubular, fluid-filled, olfactory organ present in many vertebrate animals that sits adjacent to the nasal cavity.
It is very sensitive to pheromones and is connected to the nasal cavity by a duct.
When molecules dissolve in the mucosa of the nasal cavity, they then enter the VNO where the pheromone molecules among them bind with specialized pheromone receptors.
pheromonal signal then continues to areas of the hypothalamus that are key to reproductive physiology and behavior.
Taste Detecting a taste is fairly similar to detecting an odor, given that both taste and smell rely on chemical receptors being stimulated by certain molecules.
The primary organ of taste is the taste bud.
Filiform papillae, which are located across the tongue, are tactile, providing friction that helps the tongue move substances, and contain no taste cells.
Filiform papillae, which are located across the tongue, are tactile, providing friction that helps the tongue move substances.
In contrast, fungiform papillae, which are located mainly on the anterior two-thirds of the tongue, each contain one to eight taste buds and also have receptors for pressure and temperature.
Foliate papillae are prominent protrusions on this light micrograph.
Each of these papillae is surrounded by a groove and contains about 250 taste buds.
Food molecules are dissolved in saliva, and they bind with and stimulate the receptors on the microvilli.
Food molecules are dissolved in saliva.
they bind with and stimulate the receptors on the microvilli.
The receptors for tastants are located across the outer portion and front of the tongue, outside of the middle area where the filiform papillae are most prominent.
each taste has only one corresponding type of receptor.
Thus, like olfaction, each receptor is specific to its stimulus.
Transduction of the five tastes happens through different mechanisms that reflect the molecular composition of the tastant.
A salty tastant provides the sodium ions that enter the taste neurons and excite them directly.
Sour tastants are acids and belong to the thermoreceptor protein family.
Sweet, bitter, and umami tastants require a G-protein coupled receptor.
umami tastants require a G-protein coupled receptor.
These tastants bind to their respective receptors, thereby exciting the specialized neurons associated with them.
In humans, the senses decline dramatically by age 50 and continue to decline.
A child may find a food to be too spicy, whereas an elderly person may find the same food to be bland and unappetizing.
A child may find a food to be too spicy.
an elderly person may find the same food to be bland and unappetizing.
of olfactory receptor, so each glomerulus is specific to one odorant.
From glomeruli, olfactory signals travel directly to the olfactory cortex and then to the frontal cortex and the thalamus.
Olfactory signals also travel directly to the amygdala, thereafter reaching the hypothalamus, thalamus, and frontal cortex.
Olfactory signals also travel directly to the amygdala, thereafter reaching the hypothalamus, thalamus.
The last structure that olfactory signals directly travel to is a cortical center in the temporal lobe structure important in spatial, autobiographical, declarative, and episodic memories.
The last structure that olfactory signals directly travel to is a cortical center in the temporal lobe structure important in spatial, autobiographical, declarative.
Olfaction is finally processed by areas of the brain that deal with memory, emotions, reproduction, and thought.
Olfaction is finally processed by areas of the brain that deal with memory, emotions, reproduction.
From the medulla, taste signals travel to the thalamus and then to the primary gustatory cortex.
Information from different regions of the tongue is segregated in the medulla, thalamus, and cortex.
Information from different regions of the tongue is segregated in the medulla, thalamus.
Audition, or hearing, is important to humans and to other animals for many different interactions.
hearing, is important to humans and to other animals for many different interactions.
It enables an organism to detect and receive information about danger, such as an approaching predator, and to participate in communal exchanges like those concerning territories or mating.
It enables an organism to detect and receive information about danger, such as an approaching predator.
On the other hand, although it is physically linked to the auditory system, the vestibular system is not involved in hearing.
Instead, an animal's vestibular system detects its own movement, both linear and angular acceleration and deceleration, and balance.
Instead, an animal's vestibular system detects its own movement, both linear and angular acceleration and deceleration.
Sound Auditory stimuli are sound waves, which are mechanical, pressure waves that move through a medium, such as air or water.
Frequency is the number of waves per unit of time, and in sound is heard as pitch.
Frequency is the number of waves per unit of time.
For sound frequency, the most commonly used unit is hertz, or cycles per second.
For sound frequency, the most commonly used unit is hertz.
Most humans can perceive sounds with frequencies between 30 and 20,000 Hz.
Dogs detect up to about 40,000 Hz; cats, 60,000 Hz; bats, 100,000 Hz; and dolphins 150,000 Hz, and American shad, a fish, can hear 180,000 Hz.
Dogs detect up to about 40,000 Hz.
Dogs detect up to about 40,000 Hz; cats, 60,000 Hz; bats, 100,000 Hz; and dolphins 150,000 Hz.
American shad, a fish, can hear 180,000 Hz.
The sound waves of louder sounds have greater amplitude than those of softer sounds.
For sound, volume is measured in decibels.
The softest sound that a human can hear is the zero point.
Humans speak normally at 60 decibels.
The sound wave shown with a dashed line is softer in volume than the sound wave shown with a solid line.
Interior to the tympanum is the middle ear.
The middle ear holds three small bones called the ossicles, which transfer energy from the moving tympanum to the inner ear.
The three ossicles are the malleus, the incus, and stapes.
The three ossicles are the malleus, the incus.
The aptly named stapes looks very much like a stirrup.
The three ossicles are unique to mammals, and each plays a role in hearing.
The three ossicles are unique to mammals.
each plays a role in hearing.
The incus attaches the malleus to the stapes.
In humans, the stapes is not long enough to reach the tympanum.
If we did not have the malleus and the incus, then the vibrations of the tympanum would never reach the inner ear.
These bones also function to collect force and amplify sounds.
Many animals use the stapes of the middle ear to transmit vibrations to the inner ear.
The middle ear contains three bones called ossicles that transfer the sound wave to the oval window, the exterior boundary of the inner ear.
organ of Corti, which is the organ of sound transduction, lies inside the cochlea.
Transduction of Sound Vibrating objects, such as vocal cords, create sound waves or pressure waves in the air.
When these pressure waves reach the ear, the ear transduces this mechanical stimulus into a nerve impulse that the brain perceives as sound.
The pressure waves strike the tympanum, causing it to vibrate.
The mechanical energy from the moving tympanum transmits the vibrations to the three bones of the middle ear.
The stapes transmits the vibrations to a thin diaphragm called the oval window, which is the outermost structure of the inner ear.
The structures of the inner ear are found in the labyrinth, a bony, hollow structure that is the most interior portion of the ear.
Here, the energy from the sound wave is transferred from the stapes through the flexible oval window and to the fluid of the cochlea.
The vibrations of the oval window create pressure waves in the fluid inside the cochlea.
Inside the cochlea, the basilar membrane is a mechanical analyzer that runs the length of the cochlea, curling toward the cochlea's center.
When the sound waves in the cochlear fluid contact the basilar membrane, it flexes back and forth in a wave-like fashion.
A sound wave causes the tympanic membrane to vibrate.
The amplified vibration is picked up by the oval window causing pressure waves in the fluid of the scala vestibuli and scala tympani.
The complexity of the pressure waves is determined by the changes in amplitude and frequency of the sound waves entering the ear.
Cochlear implants can restore hearing in people who have a nonfunctional cochlea.
A speech processor selects sounds in the range of human speech, and a transmitter converts these sounds to electrical impulses, which are then sent to the auditory nerve.
A speech processor selects sounds in the range of human speech.
a transmitter converts these sounds to electrical impulses, which are then sent to the auditory nerve.
The site of transduction is in the organ of Corti.
The inner hair cells are the primary auditory receptors and exist in a single row, numbering approximately 3,500.
The stereocilia from inner hair cells extend into small dimples on the tectorial membrane's lower surface.
The outer hair cells are arranged in three or four rows.
They number approximately 12,000, and they function to fine tune incoming sound waves.
They number approximately 12,000.
they function to fine tune incoming sound waves.
As a result, the hair cell membrane is depolarized, and a signal is transmitted to the chochlear nerve.
As a result, the hair cell membrane is depolarized.
a signal is transmitted to the chochlear nerve.
Intensity of sound is determined by how many hair cells at a particular location are stimulated.
The hair cell is a mechanoreceptor with an array of stereocilia emerging from its apical surface.
The hair cells are arranged on the basilar membrane in an orderly way.
Likewise, the hair cells that lay above it are most sensitive to a specific frequency of sound waves.
Hair cells can respond to a small range of similar frequencies, but they require stimulation of greater intensity to fire at frequencies outside of their optimal range.
The difference in response frequency between adjacent inner hair cells is about 0.2 percent.
Lower frequencies travel farther along the membrane before causing appreciable excitation of the membrane.
The basic pitch-determining mechanism is based on the location along the membrane where the hair cells are stimulated.
The place theory is the first step toward an understanding of pitch perception.
Considering the extreme pitch sensitivity of the human ear, it is thought that there must be some auditory "sharpening" mechanism to enhance the pitch resolution.
When sound waves produce fluid waves inside the cochlea, the basilar membrane flexes, bending the stereocilia that attach to the tectorial membrane.
When the hairs bend, they release an excitatory neurotransmitter at a synapse with a sensory neuron, which then conducts action potentials to the central nervous system.
The cochlear branch of the vestibulocochlear cranial nerve sends information on hearing.
The auditory system is very refined, and there is some modulation or "sharpening" built in.
The auditory system is very refined.
The brain can send signals back to the cochlea, resulting in a change of length in the outer hair cells, sharpening or dampening the hair cells' response to certain frequencies.
Higher Processing The inner hair cells are most important for conveying auditory information to the brain.
About 90 percent of the afferent neurons carry information from inner hair cells, with each hair cell synapsing with 10 or so neurons.
Outer hair cells connect to only 10 percent of the afferent neurons, and each afferent neuron innervates many hair cells.
Outer hair cells connect to only 10 percent of the afferent neurons.
each afferent neuron innervates many hair cells.
The stimuli associated with the vestibular system are linear acceleration and angular acceleration and deceleration.
Gravity, acceleration, and deceleration are detected by evaluating the inertia on receptive cells in the vestibular system.
deceleration are detected by evaluating the inertia on receptive cells in the vestibular system.
Gravity is detected through head position.
Angular acceleration and deceleration are expressed through turning or tilting of the head.
The vestibular system has some similarities with the auditory system.
It utilizes hair cells just like the auditory system, but it excites them in different ways.
The utricle and saccule respond to acceleration in a straight line, such as gravity.
The roughly 30,000 hair cells in the utricle and 16,000 hair cells in the saccule lie below a gelatinous layer, with their stereocilia projecting into the gelatin.
Embedded in this gelatin are calcium carbonate crystals—like tiny rocks.
The bending of the stereocilia stimulates the neurons, and they signal to the brain that the head is tilted, allowing the maintenance of balance.
The bending of the stereocilia stimulates the neurons.
they signal to the brain that the head is tilted, allowing the maintenance of balance.
It is the vestibular branch of the vestibulocochlear cranial nerve that deals with balance.
The fluid-filled semicircular canals are tubular loops set at oblique angles.
They are arranged in three spatial planes.
The base of each canal has a swelling that contains a cluster of hair cells.
The hairs project into a gelatinous cap called the cupula and monitor angular acceleration and deceleration from rotation.
They would be stimulated by driving your car around a corner, turning your head, or falling forward.
They would be stimulated by driving your car around a corner, turning your head.
When the brain processes input from all three canals together, it can detect angular acceleration or deceleration in three dimensions.
Upon cessation of accelerating or decelerating—or just moving—the movement of the fluid within the canals slows or stops.
When moving forward, water may splash backwards onto the hand, and when motion has stopped, water may splash forward onto the fingers.
When moving forward, water may splash backwards onto the hand.
when motion has stopped, water may splash forward onto the fingers.
While in motion, the water settles in the glass and does not splash.
Higher Processing Hair cells from the utricle, saccule, and semicircular canals also communicate through bipolar neurons to the cochlear nucleus in the medulla.
semicircular canals also communicate through bipolar neurons to the cochlear nucleus in the medulla.
Cochlear neurons send descending projections to the spinal cord and ascending projections to the pons, thalamus, and cerebellum.
Cochlear neurons send descending projections to the spinal cord and ascending projections to the pons, thalamus.
Connections to the cerebellum are important for coordinated movements.
People with lesions in the vestibular area of the somatosensory cortex see vertical objects in the world as being tilted.
Vision is the ability to detect light patterns from the outside environment and interpret them into images.
Animals are bombarded with sensory information, and the sheer volume of visual information can be problematic.
Animals are bombarded with sensory information.
the sheer volume of visual information can be problematic.
Fortunately, the visual systems of species have evolved to attend to the most-important stimuli.
The importance of vision to humans is further substantiated by the fact that about one-third of the human cerebral cortex is dedicated to analyzing and perceiving visual information.
The compression waves that compose sound must travel in a medium—a gas, a liquid, or a solid.
The compression waves that compose sound must travel in a medium—a gas, a liquid.
Certain variables are important when discussing perception of light.
Wavelength manifests itself as hue.
Light at the red end of the visible spectrum has longer wavelengths.
light at the violet end has shorter wavelengths.
The wavelength of light is expressed in nanometers; one nanometer is one billionth of a meter.
The wavelength of light is expressed in nanometers.
one nanometer is one billionth of a meter.
Humans perceive light that ranges between approximately 380 nm and 740 nm.
Some other animals, though, can detect wavelengths outside of the human range.
For example, bees see near-ultraviolet light in order to locate nectar guides on flowers, and some non-avian reptiles sense infrared light.
For example, bees see near-ultraviolet light in order to locate nectar guides on flowers.
some non-avian reptiles sense infrared light.
In the electromagnetic spectrum, visible light lies between 380 nm and 740 nm.
Wave amplitude is perceived as luminous intensity, or brightness.
Wave amplitude is perceived as luminous intensity.
This effect is produced by light that stimulates equally the color receptors in the human eye.
The apparent color of an object is the color that the object reflects.
Thus a red object reflects the red wavelengths in mixed light and absorbs all other wavelengths of light.
But light does not impinge on the retina unaltered.
In conditions of low light, the iris relaxes and the pupil enlarges.
The human eye is shown in cross section.
A blowup shows the layers of the retina.
a. Rods detect color, while cones detect only shades of gray.
a. Rods detect color.
cones detect only shades of gray.
When light enters the retina, it passes the ganglion cells and bipolar cells before reaching photoreceptors at the rear of the eye.
The iris adjusts the amount of light coming into the eye.
The cornea is a protective layer on the front of the eye.
The main function of the lens is to focus light on the retina and fovea centralis.
The lens is dynamic, focusing and re- focusing light as the eye rests on near and far objects in the visual field.
With age comes the loss of the flexibility of the lens, and a form of farsightedness called presbyopia results.
With age comes the loss of the flexibility of the lens.
Presbyopia is a deficit similar to a different type of farsightedness called hyperopia caused by an eyeball that is too short.
clear but images nearby are blurry.
In this case, images in the distance are blurry but images nearby are clear.
Rods are strongly photosensitive and are located in the outer edges of the retina.
They detect dim light and are used primarily for peripheral and nighttime vision.
Cones are weakly photosensitive and are located near the center of the retina.
They respond to bright light, and their primary role is in daytime, color vision.
They respond to bright light.
their primary role is in daytime, color vision.
Rods respond in low light and can detect only shades of gray.
Cones respond in intense light and are responsible for color vision.
The fovea is the region in the center back of the eye that is responsible for acute vision.
The fovea has a high density of cones.
The rods and cones are the site of transduction of light to a neural signal.
Both rods and cones contain photopigments.
This isomerization of retinal activates the rhodopsin, starting a cascade of events that ends with the closing of Na+ channels in the membrane of the photoreceptor.
When light strikes retinal, it changes shape from a cis to a trans form.
The signal is passed to a G-protein called transducin, triggering a series of downstream events.
Phosphodiesterase converts cGMP to GMP, thereby closing sodium channels.
The hyperpolarized membrane does not release glutamate to the bipolar cell.
With only one type of cone, color vision would not be possible, and a two-cone system has limitations.
With only one type of cone, color vision would not be possible.
a two-cone system has limitations.
Primates use a three-cone system, resulting in full color vision.
The color we perceive is a result of the ratio of activity of our three types of cones.
Humans have very sensitive perception of color and can distinguish about 500 levels of brightness, 200 different hues, and 20 steps of saturation, or about 2 million distinct colors.
Humans have very sensitive perception of color and can distinguish about 500 levels of brightness, 200 different hues.
Humans have very sensitive perception of color and can distinguish about 500 levels of brightness, 200 different hues, and 20 steps of saturation.
Retinal Processing Visual signals leave the cones and rods, travel to the bipolar cells, and then to ganglion cells.
Retinal Processing Visual signals leave the cones and rods, travel to the bipolar cells.
A large degree of processing of visual information occurs in the retina itself, before visual information is sent to the brain.
Photoreceptors in the retina continuously undergo tonic activity.
That is, they are always slightly active even when not stimulated by light.
In the absence of light, the bipolar neurons that connect rods and cones to ganglion cells are continuously and actively inhibited by the rods and cones.
Exposure of the retina to light hyperpolarizes the rods and cones and removes their inhibition of bipolar cells.
The now active bipolar cells in turn stimulate the ganglion cells, which send action potentials along their axons.
Thus, the visual system relies on change in retinal activity, rather than the absence or presence of activity, to encode visual signals for the brain.
Sometimes horizontal cells carry signals from one rod or cone to other photoreceptors and to several bipolar cells.
When a rod or cone stimulates a horizontal cell, the horizontal cell inhibits more distant photoreceptors and bipolar cells, creating lateral inhibition.
Amacrine cells can distribute information from one bipolar cell to many ganglion cells.
You can demonstrate this using an easy demonstration to "trick" your retina and brain about the colors you are observing in your visual field.
You should see an afterimage of the Norwegian flag in its correct colors.
Higher Processing The myelinated axons of ganglion cells make up the optic nerves.
Within the nerves, different axons carry different qualities of the visual signal.
Some axons constitute the magnocellular pathway, which carries information about form, movement, depth, and differences in brightness.
Some axons constitute the magnocellular pathway, which carries information about form, movement, depth.
Other axons constitute the parvocellular pathway, which carries information on color and fine detail.
This crossing of optical pathways produces the distinctive optic chiasma found at the base of the brain and allows us to coordinate information from both eyes.
Once in the brain, visual information is processed in several places, and its routes reflect the complexity and importance of visual information to humans and other animals.
Once in the brain, visual information is processed in several places.
its routes reflect the complexity and importance of visual information to humans and other animals.
One route takes the signals to the thalamus, which serves as the routing station for all incoming sensory impulses except olfaction.
In the thalamus, the magnocellular and parvocellular distinctions remain intact, and there are different layers of the thalamus dedicated to each.
In the thalamus, the magnocellular and parvocellular distinctions remain intact.
When visual signals leave the thalamus, they travel to the primary visual cortex at the rear of the brain.
From the visual cortex, the visual signals travel in two directions.
One stream that projects to the parietal lobe, in the side of the brain, carries magnocellular information.
A second stream projects to the temporal lobe and carries both magnocellular and parvocellular information.
Another important visual route is a pathway from the retina to the superior colliculus in the midbrain, where eye movements are coordinated and integrated with auditory information.
The SCN is a cluster of cells that is considered to be the body's internal clock, which controls our circadian cycle.
The SCN sends information to the pineal gland, which is important in sleep/wake patterns and annual cycles.
When the sensory signal exits chemical stimulus is processed into a neural signal the thalamus, it is conducted to the specific area of the by a sensory receptor.
Perception is an individual interpretation of a sensation and is a brain function.
Humans have special senses: 36.2 Somatosensation olfaction, gustation, equilibrium, and hearing, plus the Somatosensation includes all sensation received from general senses of somatosensation.
Humans have special senses: 36.2 Somatosensation olfaction, gustation, equilibrium.
hearing, plus the Somatosensation includes all sensation received from general senses of somatosensation.
the skin and mucous membranes, as well as from the Sensory receptors are either specialized cells limbs and joints.
Each sensory receptor is modified for the receptors.
Each sensory receptor is responsive fingertips and lips, and respond to light touch.
Each sensory receptor is responsive fingertips and lips.
The most rapidly adapting, encapsulated receptors that detect fundamental function of a sensory system is the touch, low-frequency vibration, and flutter.
The most rapidly adapting, encapsulated receptors that detect fundamental function of a sensory system is the touch, low-frequency vibration.
Ruffini translation of a sensory signal to an electrical signal in endings are slowly adapting, encapsulated receptors the nervous system.
that detect skin stretch, joint activity, and warmth.
that detect skin stretch, joint activity.
Finally, Pacinian maintain balance.
The vestibular hair cells also There are five primary tastes in humans: sweet, sour, send signals to the thalamus and to the somatosensory bitter, salty, and umami.
The vestibular hair cells also There are five primary tastes in humans: sweet, sour, send signals to the thalamus and to the somatosensory bitter, salty.
Vision is the only photo responsive sense.
Light waves differ taste receptors, olfactory receptors are each based on their frequency and responsive to only one odorant.
Odorants dissolve in amplitude.
When these cells detect an In the vertebrate retina, there are two types of light odorant, they send their signals to the main olfactory receptors: cones and rods.
Cones are located in the 36.4 Hearing and Vestibular Sensation retina, along with the dim-light, achromatic receptors Audition is important for territory defense, predation,.
Cones are found in the fovea, the central region predator defense, and communal exchanges.
Cones are found in the fovea, the central region predator defense.
The of the retina, whereas rods are found in the peripheral vestibular system, which is not auditory, detects linear regions of the retina.
rods are found in the peripheral vestibular system, which is not auditory, detects linear regions of the retina.
acceleration and angular acceleration and Visual signals travel from the eye over the axons of deceleration.
system use hair cells as their receptors.
Ganglion cells come in several versions.
Some ganglion Auditory stimuli are sound waves.
Once in the auditory information takes place.
This activates the receptors, which send their auditory neural signals to the brain.
a. Pacini corpuscles are found in both 2.
Cochlear implants can restore glabrous and hairy skin.
hearing in people who have a nonfunctional b. Merkel's disks are abundant on the cochlea.
that picks up sound.
A speech processor selects c. Ruffini endings are encapsulated sounds in the range of human speech, and a mechanoreceptors.
A speech processor selects c. Ruffini endings are encapsulated sounds in the range of human speech.
When light enters the retina, it passes the loss of hair cells in the organ of Corti.
The iris adjusts the amount of light coming cochlea.
The cornea is a protective layer on the bones of the middle ear.
If a person's cold receptors no longer convert 10.
Many diabetic patients are warned by their cold stimuli into sensory signals, that person has doctors to test their glucose levels by pricking a problem with the process of ________.
c. perception a. Krause end bulbs d. transduction b. Meissner's corpuscles c. Ruffini ending 6.
After somatosensory transduction, the sensory d. Nociceptors signal travels through the brain as a _____ signal.
Many people experience motion sickness while traveling in a car.
This sensation results from 12.
It depends on the spot on the tongue.
Salty foods activate the taste cells by _____.
a. exciting the taste cell directly a. Meissner's corpuscles; hairy b. causing hydrogen ions to enter the cell b.
hairy b. causing hydrogen ions to enter the cell b.
Merkel's disks; glabrous c. causing sodium channels to close c. hair receptors; hairy d. binding directly to the receptors d. Krause end bulbs; hairy 14.
glabrous c. causing sodium channels to close c. hair receptors.
hairy d. binding directly to the receptors d. Krause end bulbs.
All sensory signals except _____ travel to the 9.
If you were to burn your epidermis, what _____ in the brain before the cerebral cortex.
Why do people over 55 often need reading 15.
Their cornea no longer focuses correctly.
a. Umami identifies healthy foods that are b.
Their lens no longer focuses correctly.
Their eyeball has elongated with age, b.
Umami enhances the flavor of bland foods.
Their retina has thinned with age, making d. Umami identifies foods that help maintain vision more difficult.
Why is it easier to see images at night using 16.
volume is measured in _____.
a. Cones are denser in the periphery of the a. nanometers.
Bipolar cells are denser in the periphery of c. decibels.
decibels c. Rods are denser in the periphery of the retina.
Auditory hair cells are indirectly anchored to the d.
The optic nerve exits at the periphery of _____.
A person catching a ball must coordinate her c. tectorial membrane hand and eyes.
A satellite is launched into space, but explodes d. ossicles after exiting the Earth's atmosphere.
Which statement accurately reflects the observations 19.
The astronaut will not sense the explosion.
The astronaut will see the explosion, and b.
The astronaut will see the explosion.
The hair cells in the semicircular canals then hear the boom.
The astronaut will feel the concussive c.
The utricle will no longer recognize force of the explosion, but will not see it. acceleration.
If a person sustains damage to axons leading 25.
How would a rise in altitude likely affect the in humans.
What can be inferred about the relative sizes of 33.
Many studies have demonstrated that females are able to tolerate the same painful stimuli for 35.
From the perspective of the recipient of the signal, in what ways do pheromones differ from 36.
Cataracts, the medical condition where the lens of the eye becomes cloudy, are a leading cause 31.
A few recent cancer detection studies have used of blindness.
What is the hypothesis behind this the eye.