# Biology2e Chapter 38 — The Musculoskeletal System
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 671

INTRODUCTION The muscular and skeletal systems provide support to the body and allow for a wide range of movement.
The bones of the skeletal system protect the body's internal organs and support the weight of the body.
Injury or disease affecting the musculoskeletal system can be very debilitating.
In humans, the most common musculoskeletal diseases worldwide are caused by malnutrition.
Ailments that affect the joints are also widespread, such as arthritis, which can make movement difficult and—in advanced cases—completely impair mobility.
In severe cases in which the joint has suffered extensive damage, joint replacement surgery may be needed.
fingers are also available.
Current research is focused on the use of new materials, such as carbon fiber, that may make prostheses more durable.
A skeletal system is necessary to support the body, protect internal organs, and allow for the movement of an organism.
A skeletal system is necessary to support the body, protect internal organs.
Hydrostatic Skeleton A hydrostatic skeleton is a skeleton formed by a fluid-filled compartment within the body, called the coelom.
The organs of the coelom are supported by the aqueous fluid, which also resists external compression.
This compartment is under hydrostatic pressure because of the fluid and supports the other organs of the organism.
The skeleton of the red-knobbed sea star is an example of a hydrostatic skeleton.
Movement in a hydrostatic skeleton is provided by muscles that surround the coelom.
The muscles in a hydrostatic skeleton contract to change the shape of the coelom; the pressure of the fluid in the coelom produces movement.
the pressure of the fluid in the coelom produces movement.
Lengthening the body extends the anterior end of the organism.
Most organisms have a mechanism to fix themselves in the substrate.
Although a hydrostatic skeleton is well-suited to invertebrate organisms such as earthworms and some aquatic organisms, it is not an efficient skeleton for terrestrial animals.
Exoskeleton An exoskeleton is an external skeleton that consists of a hard encasement on the surface of an organism.
This skeleton type provides defence against predators, supports the body, and allows for movement through the contraction of attached muscles.
This skeleton type provides defence against predators, supports the body.
As with vertebrates, muscles must cross a joint inside the exoskeleton.
Shortening of the muscle changes the relationship of the two segments of the exoskeleton.
Arthropods such as crabs and lobsters have exoskeletons that consist of 30–50 percent chitin, a polysaccharide derivative of glucose that is a strong but flexible material.
Chitin is secreted by the epidermal cells.
The exoskeleton is further strengthened by the addition of calcium carbonate in organisms such as the lobster.
Because the exoskeleton is acellular, arthropods must periodically shed their exoskeletons because the exoskeleton does not grow as the organism grows.
Endoskeleton An endoskeleton is a skeleton that consists of hard, mineralized structures located within the soft tissue of organisms.
An example of a primitive endoskeletal structure is the spicules of sponges.
Endoskeletons provide support for the body, protect internal organs, and allow for movement through contraction of muscles attached to the skeleton.
Endoskeletons provide support for the body, protect internal organs.
The skeletons of humans and horses are examples of endoskeletons.
The human skeleton is an endoskeleton that consists of 206 bones in the adult.
It has five main functions: providing support to the body, storing minerals and lipids, producing blood cells, protecting internal organs, and allowing for movement.
It has five main functions: providing support to the body, storing minerals and lipids, producing blood cells, protecting internal organs.
The function of the axial skeleton is to provide support and protection for the brain, the spinal cord, and the organs in the ventral body cavity.
The function of the axial skeleton is to provide support and protection for the brain, the spinal cord.
It provides a surface for the attachment of muscles that move the head, neck, and trunk, performs respiratory movements, and stabilizes parts of the appendicular skeleton.
It provides a surface for the attachment of muscles that move the head, neck.
trunk, performs respiratory movements.
The axial skeleton consists of the bones of the skull, ossicles of the middle ear, hyoid bone, vertebral column, and rib cage.
The axial skeleton consists of the bones of the skull, ossicles of the middle ear, hyoid bone, vertebral column.
The skull consists of 22 bones, which are divided into two categories: cranial bones and facial bones.
The cranial bones are eight bones that form the cranial cavity, which encloses the brain and serves as an attachment site for the muscles of the head and neck.
The eight cranial bones are the frontal bone, two parietal bones, two temporal bones, occipital bone, sphenoid bone, and the ethmoid bone.
The eight cranial bones are the frontal bone, two parietal bones, two temporal bones, occipital bone, sphenoid bone.
The bones of the skull support the structures of the face and protect the brain.
The auditory ossicles of the middle ear transmit sounds from the air as vibrations to the fluid-filled cochlea.
The auditory ossicles consist of three bones each: the malleus, incus, and stapes.
The auditory ossicles consist of three bones each: the malleus, incus.
These are the smallest bones in the body and are unique to mammals.
The 14 facial bones are the nasal bones, the maxillary bones, zygomatic bones, palatine, vomer, lacrimal bones, the inferior nasal conchae, and the mandible.
The 14 facial bones are the nasal bones, the maxillary bones, zygomatic bones, palatine, vomer, lacrimal bones, the inferior nasal conchae.
The cranial bones, including the frontal, parietal, and sphenoid bones, cover the top of the head.
sphenoid bones, cover the top of the head.
The facial bones of the skull form the face and provide cavities for the eyes, nose, and mouth.
The facial bones of the skull form the face and provide cavities for the eyes, nose.
The hyoid bone lies below the mandible in the front of the neck.
It acts as a movable base for the tongue and is connected to muscles of the jaw, larynx, and tongue.
It acts as a movable base for the tongue and is connected to muscles of the jaw, larynx.
The mandible controls the opening to the airway and gut.
In animals with teeth, the mandible brings the surfaces of the teeth in contact with the maxillary teeth.
The adult vertebral column comprises 26 bones: the 24 vertebrae, the sacrum, and the coccyx bones.
The adult vertebral column comprises 26 bones: the 24 vertebrae, the sacrum.
In the adult, the sacrum is typically composed of five vertebrae that fuse into one.
The coccyx is typically 3–4 vertebrae that fuse into one.
Around the age of 70, the sacrum and the coccyx may fuse together.
We begin life with approximately 33 vertebrae, but as we grow, several vertebrae fuse together.
The vertebral column consists of seven cervical vertebrae twelve thoracic vertebrae, five lumbar vertebrae, the os sacrum, and the coccyx.
The vertebral column consists of seven cervical vertebrae twelve thoracic vertebrae, five lumbar vertebrae, the os sacrum.
Spinal curves increase the strength and flexibility of the spine.
Each vertebral body has a large hole in the center through which the nerves of the spinal cord pass.
The vertebral column is approximately 71 cm in adult male humans and is curved, which can be seen from a side view.
The names of the spinal curves correspond to the region of the spine in which they occur.
Each disc is part of a joint that allows for some movement of the spine and acts as a cushion to absorb shocks from movements such as walking and running.
Intervertebral discs also act as ligaments to bind vertebrae together.
The inner part of discs, the nucleus pulposus, hardens as people age and becomes less elastic.
This loss of elasticity diminishes its ability to absorb shocks.
It also provides support for the shoulder girdles and upper limbs, and serves as the attachment point for the diaphragm, muscles of the back, chest, neck, and shoulders.
It also provides support for the shoulder girdles and upper limbs.
Changes in the volume of the thorax enable breathing.
The sternum, or breastbone, is a long, flat bone located at the anterior of the chest.
breastbone, is a long, flat bone located at the anterior of the chest.
It is formed from three bones that fuse in the adult.
The ribs are 12 pairs of long, curved bones that attach to the thoracic vertebrae and curve toward the front of the body, forming the ribcage.
The thoracic cage, or rib cage, protects the heart and the lungs.
rib cage, protects the heart and the lungs.
The appendicular skeleton is composed of the bones of the upper limbs and the lower limbs.
The appendicular skeleton is composed of the bones of the pectoral limbs, the pelvic limbs, the pectoral girdle, and the pelvic girdle.
The appendicular skeleton is composed of the bones of the pectoral limbs, the pelvic limbs, the pectoral girdle.
The Pectoral Girdle The pectoral girdle bones provide the points of attachment of the upper limbs to the axial skeleton.
The posterior view reveals the spine of the scapula to which muscle attaches.
The clavicles are S-shaped bones that position the arms on the body.
These bones are fairly fragile and are susceptible to fractures.
For example, a fall with the arms outstretched causes the force to be transmitted to the clavicles, which can break if the force is excessive.
The clavicle articulates with the sternum and the scapula.
The scapulae are flat, triangular bones that are located at the back of the pectoral girdle.
They support the muscles crossing the shoulder joint.
The spine of the scapula is a good example of a bony protrusion that facilitates a broad area of attachment for muscles to bone.
An articulation is any place at which two bones are joined.
The humerus is the largest and longest bone of the upper limb and the only bone of the arm.
It articulates with the scapula at the shoulder and with the forearm at the elbow.
The forearm extends from the elbow to the wrist and consists of two bones: the ulna and the radius.
The radius is located along the lateral side of the forearm and articulates with the humerus at the elbow.
The ulna is located on the medial aspect of the forearm.
It is longer than the radius.
The hand includes the eight bones of the carpus, the five bones of the metacarpus, and the 14 bones of the phalanges.
The hand includes the eight bones of the carpus, the five bones of the metacarpus.
Each digit consists of three phalanges, except for the thumb, when present, which has only two.
Because it is responsible for bearing the weight of the body and for locomotion, the pelvic girdle is securely attached to the axial skeleton by strong ligaments.
It also has deep sockets with robust ligaments to securely attach the femur to the body.
The pelvic girdle is further strengthened by two large hip bones.
In adults, the hip bones, or coxal bones, are formed by the fusion of three pairs of bones: the ilium, ischium, and pubis.
In adults, the hip bones, or coxal bones, are formed by the fusion of three pairs of bones: the ilium, ischium.
coxal bones, are formed by the fusion of three pairs of bones: the ilium, ischium, and pubis.
The female pelvis is slightly different from the male pelvis.
Over generations of evolution, females with a wider pubic angle and larger diameter pelvic canal reproduced more successfully.
To adapt to reproductive fitness, the female pelvis is lighter, wider, shallower, and has a broader angle between the pubic bones than the male pelvis.
To adapt to reproductive fitness, the female pelvis is lighter, wider, shallower.
In addition to evolutionary fitness, the bones of an individual will respond to forces exerted upon them.
The lower limb consists of the thigh, kneecap, leg, ankle, and foot bones.
The lower limb consists of the thigh, kneecap, leg, ankle.
The femur, or thighbone, is the longest, heaviest, and strongest bone in the body.
The femur, or thighbone, is the longest, heaviest.
thighbone, is the longest, heaviest, and strongest bone in the body.
The femur and pelvis form the hip joint at the proximal end.
At the distal end, the femur, tibia, and patella form the knee joint.
patella form the knee joint.
The patella, or kneecap, is a triangular bone that lies anterior to the knee joint.
kneecap, is a triangular bone that lies anterior to the knee joint.
The patella is embedded in the tendon of the femoral extensors.
It improves knee extension by reducing friction.
The tibia, or shinbone, is a large bone of the leg that is located directly below the knee.
shinbone, is a large bone of the leg that is located directly below the knee.
It is the second largest bone in the human body and is responsible for transmitting the weight of the body from the femur to the foot.
It does not articulate with the femur and does not bear weight.
The fibula acts as a site for muscle attachment and forms the lateral part of the ankle joint.
The tarsals are the seven bones of the ankle.
The ankle transmits the weight of the body from the tibia and the fibula to the foot.
The metatarsals are the five bones of the foot.
The phalanges are the 14 bones of the toes.
Variations exist in other species; for example, the horse's metacarpals and metatarsals are oriented vertically and do not make contact with the substrate.
Variations exist in other species.
for example, the horse's metacarpals and metatarsals are oriented vertically and do not make contact with the substrate.
This drawing shows the bones of the human foot and ankle, including the metatarsals and the phalanges.
The buoyancy of water provides a certain amount of lift, and a common form of movement by fish is lateral undulations of the entire body.
The buoyancy of water provides a certain amount of lift.
a common form of movement by fish is lateral undulations of the entire body.
This back and forth movement pushes the body against the water, creating forward movement.
In most fish, the muscles of paired fins attach to girdles within the body, allowing for some control of locomotion.
As certain fish began moving onto land, they retained their lateral undulation form of locomotion.
However, instead of pushing against water, their fins or flippers became points of contact with the ground, around which they rotated their bodies.
The effect of gravity and the lack of buoyancy on land meant that body weight was suspended on the limbs, leading to increased strengthening and ossification of the limbs.
The effect of gravity also required changes to the axial skeleton.
Lateral undulations of land animal vertebral columns cause torsional strain.
A firmer, more ossified vertebral column became common in terrestrial tetrapods because it reduces strain while providing the strength needed to support the body's weight.
In later tetrapods, the vertebrae began allowing for vertical motion rather than lateral flexion.
Another change in the axial skeleton was the loss of a direct attachment between the pectoral girdle and the head.
This reduced the jarring to the head caused by the impact of the limbs on the ground.
The vertebrae of the neck also evolved to allow movement of the head independently of the body.
The appendicular skeleton of land animals is also different from aquatic animals.
The shoulders attach to the pectoral girdle through muscles and connective tissue, thus reducing the jarring of the skull.
The vertebrae of these animals had to move side-to-side in a similar manner to fish and reptiles.
Later tetrapods have their limbs placed under their bodies, so that each stride requires less force to move forward.
This resulted in decreased adductor muscle size and an increased range of motion of the scapulae.
This also restricts movement primarily to one plane, creating forward motion rather than moving the limbs upward as well as forward.
The femur and humerus were also rotated, so that the ends of the limbs and digits were pointed forward, in the direction of motion, rather than out to the side.
By placement underneath the body, limbs can swing forward like a pendulum to produce a stride that is more efficient for moving over land.
Bone, or osseous tissue, is a connective tissue that constitutes the endoskeleton.
osseous tissue, is a connective tissue that constitutes the endoskeleton.
It contains specialized cells and a matrix of mineral salts and collagen fibers.
The mineral salts primarily include hydroxyapatite, a mineral formed from calcium phosphate.
Calcification is the process of deposition of mineral salts on the collagen fiber matrix that crystallizes and hardens the tissue.
The process of calcification only occurs in the presence of collagen fibers.
Long bones are longer than they are wide and have a shaft and two ends.
The diaphysis, or central shaft, contains bone marrow in a medullary cavity.
central shaft, contains bone marrow in a medullary cavity.
Exceptions to this include the patella and the bones of the wrist and ankle.
The long bone is covered by articular cartilage at either end and contains bone marrow in the medullary cavity.
Short bones, or cuboidal bones, are bones that are the same width and length, giving them a cube-like shape.
cuboidal bones, are bones that are the same width and length, giving them a cube-like shape.
Flat bones are thin and relatively broad bones that are found where extensive protection of organs is required or where broad surfaces of muscle attachment are required.
Irregular bones are bones with complex shapes.
These bones may have short, flat, notched, or ridged surfaces.
These bones may have short, flat, notched.
Examples of irregular bones are the vertebrae, hip bones, and several skull bones.
Examples of irregular bones are the vertebrae, hip bones.
Sesamoid bones are small, flat bones and are shaped similarly to a sesame seed.
Sesamoid bones develop inside tendons and may be found near joints at the knees, hands, and feet.
Sesamoid bones develop inside tendons and may be found near joints at the knees, hands.
The patella of the knee is an example of a sesamoid bone.
Sutural bones are small, flat, irregularly shaped bones.
They may be found between the flat bones of the skull.
They vary in number, shape, size, and position.
They vary in number, shape, size.
Osteocytes, the living cells of bone tissue, form the mineral matrix of bones.
Compact Bone Tissue Compact bone forms the hard external layer of all bones and surrounds the medullary cavity, or bone marrow.
Compact Bone Tissue Compact bone forms the hard external layer of all bones and surrounds the medullary cavity.
It provides protection and strength to bones.
Compact bone tissue consists of units called osteons or Haversian systems.
Osteons are cylindrical structures that contain a mineral matrix and living osteocytes connected by canaliculi, which transport blood.
They are aligned parallel to the long axis of the bone.
Each osteon consists of lamellae, which are layers of compact matrix that surround a central canal called the Haversian canal.
Osteons in compact bone tissue are aligned in the same direction along lines of stress and help the bone resist bending or fracturing.
Therefore, compact bone tissue is prominent in areas of bone at which stresses are applied in only a few directions.
The inner layer of bones consists of spongy bone tissue.
The small dark ovals in the osteon represent the living osteocytes.
a. Compact bone tissue is made of cylindrical osteons that are aligned such that they travel the length of the bone.
Haversian canals contain blood vessels only.
c. Haversian canals contain blood vessels and nerve fibers.
Spongy tissue is found on the interior of the bone, and compact bone tissue is found on the exterior.
Spongy tissue is found on the interior of the bone.
compact bone tissue is found on the exterior.
Whereas compact bone tissue forms the outer layer of all bones, spongy bone or cancellous bone forms the inner layer of all bones.
Spongy bone tissue does not contain osteons that constitute compact bone tissue.
Instead, it consists of trabeculae, which are lamellae that are arranged as rods or plates.
Red bone marrow is found between the trabeculae.
Blood vessels within this tissue deliver nutrients to osteocytes and remove waste.
The red bone marrow of the femur and the interior of other large bones, such as the ilium, forms blood cells.
Spongy bone reduces the density of bone and allows the ends of long bones to compress as the result of stresses applied to the bone.
Spongy bone is prominent in areas of bones that are not heavily stressed or where stresses arrive from many directions.
The epiphyses of bones, such as the neck of the femur, are subject to stress from many directions.
You could hold up one side of the picture with a toothpick if the toothpick was perpendicular to the floor and the picture.
In this case, the function of the toothpick is to transmit the downward pressure of the picture to the wall.
The toothpick will break off right at the wall.
The neck of the femur is horizontal like the toothpick in the wall.
The weight of the body pushes it down near the joint, but the vertical diaphysis of the femur pushes it up at the other end.
Cell Types in Bones Bone consists of four types of cells: osteoblasts, osteoclasts, osteocytes, and osteoprogenitor cells.
Cell Types in Bones Bone consists of four types of cells: osteoblasts, osteoclasts, osteocytes.
Osteoblasts are bone cells that are responsible for bone formation.
Osteoblasts become trapped in these secretions and differentiate into less active osteocytes.
Osteoclasts are large bone cells with up to 50 nuclei.
They remove bone structure by releasing lysosomal enzymes and acids that dissolve the bony matrix.
These minerals, released from bones into the blood, help regulate calcium concentrations in body fluids.
Bone may also be resorbed for remodeling, if the applied stresses have changed.
Osteocytes are mature bone cells and are the main cells in bony connective tissue; these cells cannot divide.
Osteocytes are mature bone cells and are the main cells in bony connective tissue.
Osteocytes maintain normal bone structure by recycling the mineral salts in the bony matrix.
Osteoprogenitor cells are squamous stem cells that divide to produce daughter cells that differentiate into osteoblasts.
Osteoprogenitor cells are important in the repair of fractures.
Development of Bone Ossification, or osteogenesis, is the process of bone formation by osteoblasts.
osteogenesis, is the process of bone formation by osteoblasts.
Ossification is distinct from the process of calcification; whereas calcification takes place during the ossification of bones, it can also occur in other tissues.
Ossification is distinct from the process of calcification.
whereas calcification takes place during the ossification of bones, it can also occur in other tissues.
Ossification begins approximately six weeks after fertilization in an embryo.
Before this time, the embryonic skeleton consists entirely of fibrous membranes and hyaline cartilage.
The development of bone from fibrous membranes is called intramembranous ossification; development from hyaline cartilage is called endochondral ossification.
Bone growth continues until approximately age 25.
Bones can grow in thickness throughout life, but after age 25, ossification functions primarily in bone remodeling and repair.
Intramembranous Ossification Intramembranous ossification is the process of bone development from fibrous membranes.
It is involved in the formation of the flat bones of the skull, the mandible, and the clavicles.
It is involved in the formation of the flat bones of the skull, the mandible.
They then differentiate into osteoblasts at the ossification center.
Osteoblasts secrete the extracellular matrix and deposit calcium, which hardens the matrix.
The non-mineralized portion of the bone or osteoid continues to form around blood vessels, forming spongy bone.
The spongy bone is remodeled into a thin layer of compact bone on the surface of the spongy bone.
Endochondral Ossification Endochondral ossification is the process of bone development from hyaline cartilage.
All of the bones of the body, except for the flat bones of the skull, mandible, and clavicles, are formed through endochondral ossification.
clavicles, are formed through endochondral ossification.
Responding to complex developmental signals, the matrix begins to calcify.
This calcification prevents diffusion of nutrients into the matrix, resulting in chondrocytes dying and the opening up of cavities in the diaphysis cartilage.
Blood vessels invade the cavities, and osteoblasts and osteoclasts modify the calcified cartilage matrix into spongy bone.
Blood vessels invade the cavities.
osteoblasts and osteoclasts modify the calcified cartilage matrix into spongy bone.
Osteoclasts then break down some of the spongy bone to create a medullary, or marrow, cavity in the center of the diaphysis.
Osteoclasts then break down some of the spongy bone to create a medullary.
Dense, irregular connective tissue forms a sheath around the bones.
The bone continues to grow and elongate as the cartilage cells at the epiphyses divide.
In the last stage of prenatal bone development, the centers of the epiphyses begin to calcify.
The periosteum is the connective tissue on the outside of bone that acts as the interface between bone, blood vessels, tendons, and ligaments.
The periosteum is the connective tissue on the outside of bone that acts as the interface between bone, blood vessels, tendons.
Growth of Bone Long bones continue to lengthen, potentially until adolescence, through the addition of bone tissue at the epiphyseal plate.
They also increase in width through appositional growth.
Lengthening of Long Bones Chondrocytes on the epiphyseal side of the epiphyseal plate divide; one cell remains undifferentiated near the epiphysis, and one cell moves toward the diaphysis.
one cell remains undifferentiated near the epiphysis, and one cell moves toward the diaphysis.
Lengthening of Long Bones Chondrocytes on the epiphyseal side of the epiphyseal plate divide; one cell remains undifferentiated near the epiphysis.
one cell moves toward the diaphysis.
This process replaces cartilage with bone on the diaphyseal side of the plate, resulting in a lengthening of the bone.
Long bones stop growing at around the age of 18 in females and the age of 21 in males in a process called epiphyseal plate closure.
During this process, cartilage cells stop dividing and all of the cartilage is replaced by bone.
Thickening of Long Bones Appositional growth is the increase in the diameter of bones by the addition of bony tissue at the surface of bones.
osteoclasts on the inner surface break down bone.
The osteoblasts differentiate into osteocytes.
A balance between these two processes allows the bone to thicken without becoming too heavy.
Bone Remodeling and Repair Bone renewal continues after birth into adulthood.
Bone remodeling is the replacement of old bone tissue by new bone tissue.
It involves the processes of bone deposition by osteoblasts and bone resorption by osteoclasts.
Normal bone growth requires vitamins D, C, and A, plus minerals such as calcium, phosphorous, and magnesium.
Normal bone growth requires vitamins D, C.
Hormones such as parathyroid hormone, growth hormone, and calcitonin are also required for proper bone growth and maintenance.
calcitonin are also required for proper bone growth and maintenance.
Bone turnover rates are quite high, with five to seven percent of bone mass being recycled every week.
Differences in turnover rate exist in different areas of the skeleton and in different areas of a bone.
For example, the bone in the head of the femur may be fully replaced every six months, whereas the bone along the shaft is altered much more slowly.
For example, the bone in the head of the femur may be fully replaced every six months.
the bone along the shaft is altered much more slowly.
Bone remodeling allows bones to adapt to stresses by becoming thicker and stronger when subjected to stress.
Bones that are not subject to normal stress, for example when a limb is in a cast, will begin to lose mass.
The severed blood vessels at the broken ends of the bone are sealed by the clotting process, and bone cells that are deprived of nutrients begin to die.
The severed blood vessels at the broken ends of the bone are sealed by the clotting process.
bone cells that are deprived of nutrients begin to die.
Within days of the fracture, capillaries grow into the hematoma, and phagocytic cells begin to clear away the dead cells.
Within days of the fracture, capillaries grow into the hematoma.
phagocytic cells begin to clear away the dead cells.
Though fragments of the blood clot may remain, fibroblasts and osteoblasts enter the area and begin to reform bone.
Fibroblasts produce collagen fibers that connect the broken bone ends, and osteoblasts start to form spongy bone.
Fibroblasts produce collagen fibers that connect the broken bone ends.
osteoblasts start to form spongy bone.
Some bone spicules may also appear at this point.
The fibrocartilaginous callus is converted into a bony callus of spongy bone.
It takes about two months for the broken bone ends to be firmly joined together after the fracture.
This is similar to the endochondral formation of bone, as cartilage becomes ossified; osteoblasts, osteoclasts, and bone matrix are present.
This is similar to the endochondral formation of bone, as cartilage becomes ossified.
osteoblasts, osteoclasts, and bone matrix are present.
This is similar to the endochondral formation of bone, as cartilage becomes ossified; osteoblasts, osteoclasts.
bone matrix are present.
The bony callus is then remodelled by osteoclasts and osteoblasts, with excess material on the exterior of the bone and within the medullary cavity being removed.
Compact bone is added to create bone tissue that is similar to the original, unbroken bone.
This remodeling can take many months, and the bone may remain uneven for years.
This remodeling can take many months.
the bone may remain uneven for years.
After this bone is set, a callus will knit the two ends together.
Joints are responsible for movement, such as the movement of limbs, and stability, such as the stability found in the bones of the skull.
Joints are responsible for movement, such as the movement of limbs.
Classification of Joints on the Basis of Structure There are two ways to classify joints: on the basis of their structure or on the basis of their function.
The structural classification divides joints into bony, fibrous, cartilaginous, and synovial joints depending on the material composing the joint and the presence or absence of a cavity in the joint.
The structural classification divides joints into bony, fibrous, cartilaginous.
The bones of fibrous joints are held together by fibrous connective tissue.
space, present between the bones and so most fibrous joints do not move at all.
Sutures are fibrous joints found only in the skull.
Syndesmoses are joints in which the bones are connected by a band of connective tissue, allowing for more movement than in a suture.
An example of a syndesmosis is the joint of the tibia and fibula in the ankle.
The amount of movement in these types of joints is determined by the length of the connective tissue fibers.
The tooth is connected to the socket by a connective tissue referred to as the periodontal ligament.
Cartilaginous Joints Cartilaginous joints are joints in which the bones are connected by cartilage.
In a synchondrosis, the bones are joined by hyaline cartilage.
Synchondroses are found in the epiphyseal plates of growing bones in children.
In symphyses, hyaline cartilage covers the end of the bone but the connection between bones occurs through fibrocartilage.
Symphyses are found at the joints between vertebrae.
This space is referred to as the synovial cavity and is filled with synovial fluid.
Synovial fluid lubricates the joint, reducing friction between the bones and allowing for greater movement.
Articular capsules may also possess ligaments that hold the bones together.
Synovial joints are capable of the greatest movement of the three structural joint types.
shoulders are examples of synovial joints.
Classification of Joints on the Basis of Function The functional classification divides joints into three categories: synarthroses, amphiarthroses, and diarthroses.
Classification of Joints on the Basis of Function The functional classification divides joints into three categories: synarthroses, amphiarthroses.
A synarthrosis is a joint that is immovable.
This includes sutures, gomphoses, and synchondroses.
This includes sutures, gomphoses.
Amphiarthroses are joints that allow slight movement, including syndesmoses and symphyses.
Diarthroses are joints that allow for free movement of the joint, as in synovial joints.
Movement at Synovial Joints The wide range of movement allowed by synovial joints produces different types of movements.
The movement of synovial joints can be classified as one of four different types: gliding, angular, rotational, or special movement.
The movement of synovial joints can be classified as one of four different types: gliding, angular, rotational.
Gliding movements produce very little rotation or angular movement of the bones.
The joints of the carpal and tarsal bones are examples of joints that produce gliding movements.
Extension is the opposite of flexion in that the angle between the bones of a joint increases.
Extension past the regular anatomical position is referred to as hyperextension.
This includes moving the neck back to look upward, or bending the wrist so that the hand moves away from the forearm.
This includes moving the neck back to look upward.
Examples of abduction are moving the arms or legs laterally to lift them straight out to the side.
Adduction is the movement of a bone toward the midline of the body.
Movement of the limbs inward after abduction is an example of adduction.
Circumduction is the movement of a limb in a circular motion, as in moving the arm in a circular motion.
Rotational Movement Rotational movement is the movement of a bone as it rotates around its longitudinal axis.
Movement of the head from side to side is an example of rotation.
Inversion involves the soles of the feet moving inward, toward the midline of the body.
Eversion is the opposite of inversion, movement of the sole of the foot outward, away from the midline of the body.
Protraction is the anterior movement of a bone in the horizontal plane.
Retraction occurs as a joint moves back into position after protraction.
Protraction and retraction can be seen in the movement of the mandible as the jaw is thrust outwards and then back inwards.
Elevation is the movement of a bone upward, such as when the shoulders are shrugged, lifting the scapulae.
Depression is the opposite of elevation—movement downward of a bone, such as after the shoulders are shrugged and the scapulae return to their normal position from an elevated position.
Dorsiflexion is a bending at the ankle such that the toes are lifted toward the knee.
Plantar flexion is a bending at the ankle when the heel is lifted, such as when standing on the toes.
Supination is the movement of the radius and ulna bones of the forearm so that the palm faces forward.
Pronation is the opposite movement, in which the palm faces backward.
Opposition is the movement of the thumb toward the fingers of the same hand, making it possible to grasp and hold objects.
Types of Synovial Joints Synovial joints are further classified into six different categories on the basis of the shape and structure of the joint.
These joints can be described as planar, hinge, pivot, condyloid, saddle, or ball-and-socket joints.
These joints can be described as planar, hinge, pivot, condyloid, saddle.
Planar, hinge, pivot, condyloid, saddle, and ball-and-socket are all types of synovial joints.
ball-and-socket are all types of synovial joints.
Planar Joints Planar joints have bones with articulating surfaces that are flat or slightly curved faces.
These joints allow for gliding movements, and so the joints are sometimes referred to as gliding joints.
These joints allow for gliding movements.
so the joints are sometimes referred to as gliding joints.
The range of motion is limited in these joints and does not involve rotation.
The joints of the carpal bones in the wrist are examples of planar joints.
Hinge Joints In hinge joints, the slightly rounded end of one bone fits into the slightly hollow end of the other bone.
The elbow is an example of a hinge joint.
The elbow joint, where the radius articulates with the humerus, is an example of a hinge joint.
Pivot Joints Pivot joints consist of the rounded end of one bone fitting into a ring formed by the other bone.
This structure allows rotational movement, as the rounded bone moves around its own axis.
The joint of the wrist that allows the palm of the hand to be turned up and down is also a pivot joint.
The joint in the neck that allows the head to move back and forth is an example of a pivot joint.
This is also sometimes called an ellipsoidal joint.
The metacarpophalangeal joint in the finger is an example of a condyloid joint.
Saddle Joints Saddle joints are so named because the ends of each bone resemble a saddle, with concave and convex portions that fit together.
Saddle joints allow angular movements similar to condyloid joints but with a greater range of motion.
The carpometacarpal joints in the thumb are examples of saddle joints.
Ball-and-Socket Joints Ball-and-socket joints possess a rounded, ball-like end of one bone fitting into a cuplike socket of another bone.
This organization allows the greatest range of motion, as all movement types are possible in all directions.
The shoulder joint is an example of a ball-and-socket joint.
Rheumatologist Rheumatologists are medical doctors who specialize in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders of the joints, muscles, and bones.
Rheumatologist Rheumatologists are medical doctors who specialize in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders of the joints, muscles.
Rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disorder that primarily affects the synovial joints of the hands, feet, and cervical spine.
Rheumatoid arthritis is an inflammatory disorder that primarily affects the synovial joints of the hands, feet.
Affected joints become swollen, stiff, and painful.
Affected joints become swollen, stiff.
Although it is known that RA is an autoimmune disease in which the body's immune system mistakenly attacks healthy tissue, the cause of RA remains unknown.
Immune cells from the blood enter joints and the synovium causing cartilage breakdown, swelling, and inflammation of the joint lining.
Immune cells from the blood enter joints and the synovium causing cartilage breakdown, swelling.
Breakdown of cartilage causes bones to rub against each other causing pain.
RA is more common in females than males and the age of onset is usually 40–50 years of age.
Rheumatologists can diagnose RA on the basis of symptoms such as joint inflammation and pain, X-ray and MRI imaging, and blood tests.
Rheumatologists can diagnose RA on the basis of symptoms such as joint inflammation and pain, X-ray and MRI imaging.
Arthrography is a type of medical imaging of joints that uses a contrast agent, such as a dye, that is opaque to X-rays.
This allows the soft tissue structures of joints—such as cartilage, tendons, and ligaments—to be visualized.
This allows the soft tissue structures of joints—such as cartilage, tendons.
An arthrogram differs from a regular X-ray by showing the surface of soft tissues lining the joint in addition to joint bones.
An arthrogram allows early degenerative changes in joint cartilage to be detected before bones become affected.
There is currently no cure for RA; however, rheumatologists have a number of treatment options available.
however, rheumatologists have a number of treatment options available.
Early stages can be treated with rest of the affected joints by using a cane or by using joint splints that minimize inflammation.
When inflammation has decreased, exercise can be used to strengthen the muscles that surround the joint and to maintain joint flexibility.
If joint damage is more extensive, medications can be used to relieve pain and decrease inflammation.
Surgery may be required in cases in which joint damage is severe.
Muscle cells are specialized for contraction.
Muscles allow for motions such as walking, and they also facilitate bodily processes such as respiration and digestion.
Muscles allow for motions such as walking.
they also facilitate bodily processes such as respiration and digestion.
The body contains three types of muscle tissue: skeletal muscle, smooth muscle, and cardiac muscle, visualized here using light microscopy.
The body contains three types of muscle tissue: skeletal muscle, smooth muscle.
Skeletal muscle cells are long, cylindrical cells with multiple nuclei.
Smooth muscle cells are short, tapered at each end, and have only one plump nucleus in each.
Smooth muscle cells are short, tapered at each end.
they have one nucleus in the center of the cell.
Skeletal muscle tissue forms skeletal muscles, which attach to bones or skin and control locomotion and any movement that can be consciously controlled.
Because it can be controlled by thought, skeletal muscle is also called voluntary muscle.
Skeletal muscles are long and cylindrical in appearance; when viewed under a microscope, skeletal muscle tissue has a striped or striated appearance.
Skeletal muscles are long and cylindrical in appearance.
when viewed under a microscope, skeletal muscle tissue has a striped or striated appearance.
Actin is a globular contractile protein that interacts with myosin for muscle contraction.
Skeletal muscle also has multiple nuclei present in a single cell.
Smooth muscle tissue occurs in the walls of hollow organs such as the intestines, stomach, and urinary bladder, and around passages such as the respiratory tract and blood vessels.
Smooth muscle tissue occurs in the walls of hollow organs such as the intestines, stomach.
Smooth muscle has no striations, is not under voluntary control, has only one nucleus per cell, is tapered at both ends, and is called involuntary muscle.
Smooth muscle has no striations, is not under voluntary control, has only one nucleus per cell, is tapered at both ends.
Cardiac muscle tissue is only found in the heart, and cardiac contractions pump blood throughout the body and maintain blood pressure.
Cardiac muscle tissue is only found in the heart.
cardiac contractions pump blood throughout the body and maintain blood pressure.
Like skeletal muscle, cardiac muscle is striated, but unlike skeletal muscle, cardiac muscle cannot be consciously controlled and is called involuntary muscle.
It has one nucleus per cell, is branched, and is distinguished by the presence of intercalated disks.
Each skeletal muscle fiber is a skeletal muscle cell.
These cells are incredibly large, with diameters of up to 100 µm and lengths of up to 30 cm.
The sarcolemma is the site of action potential conduction, which triggers muscle contraction.
Myofibrils run the entire length of the muscle fiber, and because they are only approximately 1.2 µm in diameter, hundreds to thousands can be found inside one muscle fiber.
Myofibrils run the entire length of the muscle fiber.
because they are only approximately 1.2 µm in diameter, hundreds to thousands can be found inside one muscle fiber.
A skeletal muscle cell is surrounded by a plasma membrane called the sarcolemma with a cytoplasm called the sarcoplasm.
A muscle fiber is composed of many fibrils, packaged into orderly units.
The striated appearance of skeletal muscle tissue is a result of repeating bands of the proteins actin and myosin that are present along the length of myofibrils.
Dark A bands and light I bands repeat along myofibrils, and the alignment of myofibrils in the cell causes the entire cell to appear striated or banded.
Dark A bands and light I bands repeat along myofibrils.
the alignment of myofibrils in the cell causes the entire cell to appear striated or banded.
Each I band has a dense line running vertically through the middle called a Z disc or Z line.
The Z discs mark the border of units called sarcomeres, which are the functional units of skeletal muscle.
A sarcomere is the region from one Z line to the next Z line.
Many sarcomeres are present in a myofibril, resulting in the striation pattern characteristic of skeletal muscle.
Myofibrils are composed of smaller structures called myofilaments.
There are two main types of filaments: thick filaments and thin filaments; each has different compositions and locations.
each has different compositions and locations.
Thick filaments occur only in the A band of a myofibril.
Thin filaments attach to a protein in the Z disc called alpha-actinin and occur across the entire length of the I band and partway into the A band.
The region at which thick and thin filaments overlap has a dense appearance, as there is little space between the filaments.
Thin filaments do not extend all the way into the A bands, leaving a central region of the A band that only contains thick filaments.
This central region of the A band looks slightly lighter than the rest of the A band and is called the H zone.
The middle of the H zone has a vertical line called the M line, at which accessory proteins hold together thick filaments.
Myofibrils are connected to each other by intermediate, or desmin, filaments that attach to the Z disc.
Myofibrils are connected to each other by intermediate.
Thick and thin filaments are themselves composed of proteins.
Thick filaments are composed of the protein myosin.
The primary component of thin filaments is the actin protein.
Two other components of the thin filament are tropomyosin and troponin.
Actin has binding sites for myosin attachment.
Strands of tropomyosin block the binding sites and prevent actin–myosin interactions when the muscles are at rest.
Troponin consists of three globular subunits.
One subunit binds to tropomyosin, one subunit binds to actin, and one subunit binds Ca2+ ions.
One subunit binds to tropomyosin, one subunit binds to actin.
one subunit binds Ca2+ ions.
However, thick and thin filaments—the components of sarcomeres—do not shorten.
Instead, they slide by one another, causing the sarcomere to shorten while the filaments remain the same length.
The sliding filament theory of muscle contraction was developed to fit the differences observed in the named bands on the sarcomere at different degrees of muscle contraction and relaxation.
When a sarcomere contracts, the Z lines move closer together and the I band gets smaller.
The A band stays the same width and, at full contraction, the thin filaments overlap.
A sarcomere is defined as the distance between two consecutive Z discs or Z lines; when a muscle contracts, the distance between the Z discs is reduced.
A sarcomere is defined as the distance between two consecutive Z discs or Z lines.
when a muscle contracts, the distance between the Z discs is reduced.
The H zone—the central region of the A zone—contains only thick filaments and is shortened during contraction.
The I band contains only thin filaments and also shortens.
The A band does not shorten—it remains the same length—but A bands of different sarcomeres move closer together during contraction, eventually disappearing.
Thin filaments are pulled by the thick filaments toward the center of the sarcomere until the Z discs approach the thick filaments.
This action requires energy, which is provided by ATP.
Myosin binds to actin at a binding site on the globular actin protein.
Myosin has another binding site for ATP at which enzymatic activity hydrolyzes ATP to ADP, releasing an inorganic phosphate molecule and energy.
ATP binding causes myosin to release actin, allowing actin and myosin to detach from each other.
After this happens, the newly bound ATP is converted to ADP and inorganic phosphate, Pi.
The energy released during ATP hydrolysis changes the angle of the myosin head into a "cocked" position.
The myosin head is then in a position for further movement, possessing potential energy, but ADP and Pi are still attached.
If the actin binding sites are uncovered, a cross-bridge will form; that is, the myosin head spans the distance between the actin and myosin molecules.
that is, the myosin head spans the distance between the actin and myosin molecules.
Pi is then released, allowing myosin to expend the stored energy as a conformational change.
The myosin head moves toward the M line, pulling the actin along with it.
As the actin is pulled, the filaments move approximately 10 nm toward the M line.
As the actin is pulled toward the M line, the sarcomere shortens and the muscle contracts.
When the myosin head is "cocked," it contains energy and is in a high-energy configuration.
This energy is expended as the myosin head moves through the power stroke; at the end of the power stroke, the myosin head is in a low- energy position.
at the end of the power stroke, the myosin head is in a low- energy position.
actin and myosin are bound together.
The power stroke occurs when ADP and phosphate dissociate from the myosin head.
The power stroke occurs when ADP and phosphate dissociate from the actin active site.
To keep actin from binding to the active site on myosin, regulatory proteins block the molecular binding sites.
Tropomyosin blocks myosin binding sites on actin molecules, preventing cross-bridge formation and preventing contraction in a muscle without nervous input.
Troponin binds to tropomyosin and helps to position it on the actin molecule; it also binds calcium ions.
Troponin binds to tropomyosin and helps to position it on the actin molecule.
it also binds calcium ions.
To enable a muscle contraction, tropomyosin must change conformation, uncovering the myosin-binding site on an actin molecule and allowing cross-bridge formation.
This can only happen in the presence of calcium, which is kept at extremely low concentrations in the sarcoplasm.
If present, calcium ions bind to troponin, causing conformational changes in troponin that allow tropomyosin to move away from the myosin binding sites on actin.
Excitation–Contraction Coupling Excitation–contraction coupling is the link between the action potential generated in the sarcolemma and the start of a muscle contraction.
The trigger for calcium release from the sarcoplasmic reticulum into the sarcoplasm is a neural signal.
Each skeletal muscle fiber is controlled by a motor neuron, which conducts signals from the brain or spinal cord to the muscle.
it does not actually contact the motor end plate.
A small space called the synaptic cleft separates the synaptic terminal from the motor end plate.
Electrical signals travel along the neuron's axon, which branches through the muscle and connects to individual muscle fibers at a neuromuscular junction.
The ability of cells to communicate electrically requires that the cells expend energy to create an electrical gradient across their cell membranes.
This charge gradient is carried by ions, which are differentially distributed across the membrane.
Each ion exerts an electrical influence and a concentration influence.
Just as milk will eventually mix with coffee without the need to stir, ions also distribute themselves evenly, if they are permitted to do so.
In this case, they are not permitted to return to an evenly mixed state.
The sodium–potassium ATPase uses cellular energy to move K+ ions inside the cell and Na+ ions outside.
This alone accumulates a small electrical charge, but a big concentration gradient.
Potassium is able to leave the cell through K+ channels that are open 90% of the time, and it does.
Potassium is able to leave the cell through K+ channels that are open 90% of the time.
However, Na+ channels are rarely open, so Na+ remains outside the cell.
When K+ leaves the cell, obeying its concentration gradient, that effectively leaves a negative charge behind.
This is the resting membrane potential.
It is measured in volts, just like a battery.
If an event changes the permeability of the membrane to Na+ ions, they will enter the cell.
This is an electrical event, called an action potential, that can be used as a cellular signal.
Communication occurs between nerves and muscles through neurotransmitters.
The motor end plate possesses junctional folds—folds in the sarcolemma that create a large surface area for the neurotransmitter to bind to receptors.
The receptors are actually sodium channels that open to allow the passage of Na+ into the cell when they receive a neurotransmitter signal.
Acetylcholine is a neurotransmitter released by motor neurons that binds to receptors in the motor end plate.
The Ca2+ ions allow synaptic vesicles to move to and bind with the presynaptic membrane, and release neurotransmitter from the vesicles into the synaptic cleft.
The Ca2+ ions allow synaptic vesicles to move to and bind with the presynaptic membrane.
Once released by the synaptic terminal, ACh diffuses across the synaptic cleft to the motor end plate, where it binds with ACh receptors.
As a neurotransmitter binds, these ion channels open, and Na+ ions cross the membrane into the muscle cell.
As a neurotransmitter binds, these ion channels open.
Na+ ions cross the membrane into the muscle cell.
This reduces the voltage difference between the inside and outside of the cell, which is called depolarization.
The depolarization then spreads along the sarcolemma, creating an action potential as sodium channels adjacent to the initial depolarization site sense the change in voltage and open.
ACh is broken down by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase into acetyl and choline.
This diagram shows excitation-contraction coupling in a skeletal muscle contraction.
The sarcoplasmic reticulum is a specialized endoplasmic reticulum found in muscle cells.
The deadly nerve gas Sarin irreversibly inhibits Acetylcholinesterase.
Potassium channels continue at 90% conductance.
During the refractory period, the membrane cannot generate another action potential.
The refractory period allows the voltage- sensitive ion channels to return to their resting configurations.
The sodium potassium ATPase continually moves Na+ back out of the cell and K+ back into the cell, and the K+ leaks out leaving negative charge behind.
The sodium potassium ATPase continually moves Na+ back out of the cell and K+ back into the cell.
the K+ leaks out leaving negative charge behind.
Very quickly, the membrane repolarizes, so that it can again be depolarized.
Control of Muscle Tension Neural control initiates the formation of actin–myosin cross-bridges, leading to the sarcomere shortening involved in muscle contraction.
These contractions extend from the muscle fiber through connective tissue to pull on bones, causing skeletal movement.
This enables the same muscles to move very light objects and very heavy objects.
muscle fibers, the amount of tension produced depends on the cross-sectional area of the muscle fiber and the frequency of neural stimulation.
The number of cross-bridges formed between actin and myosin determine the amount of tension that a muscle fiber can produce.
Cross-bridges can only form where thick and thin filaments overlap, allowing myosin to bind to actin.
The ideal length of a sarcomere during production of maximal tension occurs when thick and thin filaments overlap to the greatest degree.
If a sarcomere at rest is stretched past an ideal resting length, thick and thin filaments do not overlap to the greatest degree, and fewer cross-bridges can form.
If a sarcomere at rest is stretched past an ideal resting length, thick and thin filaments do not overlap to the greatest degree.
Because it is myosin heads that form cross-bridges, actin will not bind to myosin in this zone, reducing the tension produced by this myofiber.
If the sarcomere is shortened even more, thin filaments begin to overlap with each other—reducing cross-bridge formation even further, and producing even less tension.
If the sarcomere is shortened even more, thin filaments begin to overlap with each other—reducing cross-bridge formation even further.
Conversely, if the sarcomere is stretched to the point at which thick and thin filaments do not overlap at all, no cross-bridges are formed and no tension is produced.
This amount of stretching does not usually occur because accessory proteins, internal sensory nerves, and connective tissue oppose extreme stretching.
This amount of stretching does not usually occur because accessory proteins, internal sensory nerves.
connective tissue oppose extreme stretching.
The primary variable determining force production is the number of myofibers within the muscle that receive an action potential from the neuron that controls that fiber.
In vertebrates, each myofiber responds fully if stimulated.
This is close to the maximum force the muscle can produce.
Chapter Summary 38.1 Types of Skeletal Systems attaches the lower limbs to the axial skeleton.
The lower limb includes the bones of the thigh, the leg, and The three types of skeleton designs are hydrostatic the foot.
The lower limb includes the bones of the thigh, the leg.
The three types of skeleton designs are hydrostatic the foot.
An exoskeleton is a hard external fibers.
The human skeleton can be divided into long skeleton that protects the outer surface of an organism bones, short bones, flat bones, and irregular bones.
The human skeleton can be divided into long skeleton that protects the outer surface of an organism bones, short bones, flat bones.
An endoskeleton is an internal skeleton forms the external layer of all bones.
Spongy bone composed of hard, mineralized tissue that also enables tissue is composed of trabeculae and forms the inner movement by attachment to muscles.
Four types of cells compose bony skeleton is an endoskeleton that is composed of the tissue: osteocytes, osteoclasts, osteoprogenitor cells, axial and appendicular skeleton.
Ossification is the process of bone composed of the bones of the skull, ossicles of the ear, formation by osteoblasts.
The skull ossification is the process of bone development from consists of eight cranial bones and 14 facial bones.
Endochondral ossification is the bones make up the ossicles of the middle ear, while the process of bone development from hyaline cartilage.
Endochondral ossification is the bones make up the ossicles of the middle ear.
hyoid bone is located in the neck under the mandible.
it secrete hyaline cartilage.
Osteoblasts replace cartilage surrounds and protects the spinal cord.
Appositional growth is the increase in the cage consists of the sternum, ribs, thoracic vertebrae, diameter of bones by the addition of bone tissue at the and costal cartilages.
The appendicular skeleton is surface of bones.
Bone remodeling involves the made up of the limbs of the upper and lower limbs.
The processes of bone deposition by osteoblasts and bone pectoral girdle is composed of the clavicles and the resorption by osteoclasts.
Bone repair occurs in four scapulae.
The upper limb contains 30 bones in the stages and can take several months.
bones of fibrous joints are held together by fibrous connective tissue; the three types of fibrous joints are 38.4 Muscle Contraction and Locomotion sutures, syndesomes, and gomphoses.
bones of fibrous joints are held together by fibrous connective tissue.
the three types of fibrous joints are 38.4 Muscle Contraction and Locomotion sutures, syndesomes, and gomphoses.
bones of fibrous joints are held together by fibrous connective tissue; the three types of fibrous joints are 38.4 Muscle Contraction and Locomotion sutures, syndesomes.
Cartilaginous The body contains three types of muscle tissue: joints are joints in which the bones are connected by skeletal muscle, cardiac muscle, and smooth muscle.
Cartilaginous The body contains three types of muscle tissue: joints are joints in which the bones are connected by skeletal muscle, cardiac muscle.
cartilage; the two types of cartilaginous joints are Skeleton muscle tissue is composed of sarcomeres, synchondroses and symphyses.
the two types of cartilaginous joints are Skeleton muscle tissue is composed of sarcomeres, synchondroses and symphyses.
Synovial joints are the functional units of muscle tissue.
The movement of synovial joints can be provides the energy for cross-bridge formation and classified as one of four different types: gliding, filament sliding.
Angular movements are produced electrical signal of the neuron, via acetylcholine, to an when the angle between the bones of a joint changes.
The number of muscle fibers rotates around its own longitudinal axis.
Special contracting determines how much force the whole movements include inversion, eversion, protraction, muscle produces.
a. Compact bone tissue is made of cylindrical b.
The power stroke occurs when ADP and osteons that are aligned such that they phosphate dissociate from the myosin travel the length of the bone.
Haversian canals contain blood vessels c.
The power stroke occurs when ADP and only.
phosphate dissociate from the actin active c. Haversian canals contain blood vessels site.
Spongy tissue is found on the interior of the calcium head.
the bone, and compact bone tissue is found on the exterior.
The forearm consists of the: 6.
All of the following are groups of vertebrae a. radius and ulna except ________, which is a curvature.
The pectoral girdle consists of the: a. clavicle and sternum 7.
b. long bone a. Endoskeletons can support larger c. trabecular bone organisms.
Synchondroses and symphyses are: c. Exoskeletons provide greater protection of a. synovial joints the internal organs.
b. cartilaginous joints d. Exoskeletons provide less mechanical c. fibrous joints leverage.
The movement of bone away from the midline of a. is arranged as rods or plates the body is called ________.
Which of the following is not a characteristic of 10.
The cells responsible for bone resorption are b. pivot ________.
c. saddle a. osteoclasts d. gliding b. osteoblasts c. fibroblasts 19.
A high ankle sprain is an injury caused by over- d. osteocytes stretching the ligaments connecting the tibia and fibula.
What type of joint is involved in this 12.
Compact bone is composed of ________.
Osteoporosis is a condition where bones 20.
In relaxed muscle, the myosin-binding site on become weak and brittle.
It is caused by an actin is blocked by ________.
Botulinum toxin causes flaccid paralysis of the previous stimulation is still present in the muscles, and is used for cosmetic purposes synapse.
Botulinum toxin causes flaccid paralysis of the previous stimulation is still present in the muscles.
The activity of ________ helps to under the name Botox.
Which of the following is remove this neurotransmitter.
a. myosin a. Botox decreases the production of b. action potential acetylcholinesterase.
c. tropomyosin b. Botox increases calcium release from the d. acetylcholinesterase sarcoplasmic reticulum.
c. Botox blocks the ATP binding site in actin.
The ability of a muscle to generate tension d. Botox decreases the release of immediately after stimulation is dependent on: acetylcholine from motor neurons.
What movements occur at the hip joint and 26.
Scoliosis is a medical condition where the spine at the same angle throughout the motion.
What factors contribute to the amount of tension 29.
Thalidomide was a morning sickness drug given 38.
Skeletal muscles can only produce a mechanical to pregnant people; it caused babies to be born force as they are contracted, but a leg flexes and without arm bones.
Skeletal muscles can only produce a mechanical to pregnant people.
it caused babies to be born force as they are contracted, but a leg flexes and without arm bones.
If recent studies have shown extends while walking.