# Biology2e Chapter 43 — Animal Reproduction and Development
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 566

Unlike almost all other animals, the male seahorse then gestates the young until birth.
INTRODUCTION Animal reproduction is necessary for the survival of a species.
Asexual reproduction produces genetically identical organisms, whereas in sexual reproduction, the genetic material of two individuals combines to produce offspring that are genetically different from their parents.
Asexual reproduction produces genetically identical organisms.
in sexual reproduction, the genetic material of two individuals combines to produce offspring that are genetically different from their parents.
Generally, the producers of sperm are called males, producers of the eggs are called females.
Any other characteristics that may often be associated with sex, such as parental care or sexual behavior, are not universal throughout the animal kingdom.
The eggs hatch and the offspring develop in the pouch for several weeks.
Animals produce offspring through asexual and/or sexual reproduction.
Both methods have advantages and disadvantages.
A single individual can produce offspring asexually and large numbers of offspring can be produced quickly.
In a stable or predictable environment, asexual reproduction is an effective means of reproduction because all the offspring will be adapted to that environment.
On the other hand, the rapid rates of asexual reproduction may allow for a speedy response to environmental changes if individuals have mutations.
An additional advantage of asexual reproduction is that colonization of new habitats may be easier when an individual does not need to find a mate to reproduce.
During sexual reproduction the genetic material of two individuals is combined to produce genetically diverse offspring that differ from their parents.
The genetic diversity of sexually produced offspring is thought to give species a better chance of surviving in an unpredictable or changing environment.
Species that reproduce sexually must maintain two different types of individuals, males and females, which can limit the ability to colonize new habitats as both sexes must be present.
Asexual Reproduction Asexual reproduction occurs in prokaryotic microorganisms and in some eukaryotic single-celled and multi-celled organisms.
Fission Fission, also called binary fission, occurs in prokaryotic microorganisms and in some invertebrate, multi-celled organisms.
Some unicellular eukaryotic organisms undergo binary fission by mitosis.
This process occurs, for example, in many asteroid echinoderms through splitting of the central disk.
Budding occurs commonly in some invertebrate animals such as corals and hydras.
Hydra reproduce asexually through budding.
Fragmentation Fragmentation is the breaking of the body into two parts with subsequent regeneration.
If the animal is capable of fragmentation, and the part is big enough, a separate individual will regrow.
If the animal is capable of fragmentation.
the part is big enough, a separate individual will regrow.
For example, in many sea stars, asexual reproduction is accomplished by fragmentation.
Fisheries workers have been known to try to kill the sea stars eating their clam or oyster beds by cutting them in half and throwing them back into the ocean.
Unfortunately for the workers, the two parts can each regenerate a new half, resulting in twice as many sea stars to prey upon the oysters and clams.
Fragmentation also occurs in annelid worms, turbellarians, and poriferans.
Fragmentation also occurs in annelid worms, turbellarians.
The large arm, a fragment from another sea star, is developing into a new individual.
in fission, two individuals of approximately the same size are formed.
Parthenogenesis Parthenogenesis is a form of asexual reproduction where an egg develops into a complete individual without being fertilized.
The resulting offspring can be either haploid or diploid, depending on the process and the species.
Bees use parthenogenesis to produce haploid males.
Some vertebrate animals—such as certain reptiles, amphibians, and fish—also reproduce through parthenogenesis.
fish—also reproduce through parthenogenesis.
Although more common in plants, parthenogenesis has been observed in animal species that were segregated by sex in terrestrial or marine zoos.
Two female Komodo dragons, a hammerhead shark, and a blacktop shark have produced parthenogenic young when the females have been isolated from males.
a blacktop shark have produced parthenogenic young when the females have been isolated from males.
Sexual Reproduction Sexual reproduction is the combination of reproductive cells from two individuals to form a third unique offspring.
Sexual reproduction produces offspring with novel combinations of genes.
This can be an adaptive advantage in unstable or unpredictable environments.
As humans, we are used to thinking of animals as having two separate sexes—male and female—determined at conception.
Hermaphroditism Hermaphroditism occurs in animals where one individual has both male and female reproductive parts.
Self fertilization is common in animals that have limited mobility or are not motile, such as barnacles and clams.
When two individuals mate, they can produce up to one hundred eggs each.
Sex Determination Mammalian sex determination is determined genetically by the presence of X and Y chromosomes.
Individuals homozygous for X are female and heterozygous individuals are male.
The presence of a Y chromosome causes the development of male characteristics and its absence results in female characteristics.
The XY system is also found in some insects and plants.
Avian sex determination is dependent on the presence of Z and W chromosomes.
The W appears to be essential in determining the sex of the individual, similar to the Y chromosome in mammals.
Some fish, crustaceans, insects, and reptiles use this system.
reptiles use this system.
The sex of some species is not determined by genetics but by some aspect of the environment.
Sex determination in some crocodiles and turtles, for example, is often dependent on the temperature during critical periods of egg development.
This is referred to as environmental sex determination, or more specifically as temperature- dependent sex determination.
This is referred to as environmental sex determination.
In many turtles, cooler temperatures during egg incubation produce males and warm temperatures produce females.
In some crocodiles, moderate temperatures produce males and both warm and cool temperatures produce females.
In some species, sex is both genetic- and temperature-dependent.
this discussion and throughout the chapter, we are speaking only about sex, not gender, when referring to males and females.
Individuals of some species change their sex during their lives, alternating between male and female.
Oysters, for example, are born male, grow, and become female and lay eggs; some oyster species change sex multiple times.
Oysters, for example, are born male, grow, and become female and lay eggs.
some oyster species change sex multiple times.
Oysters, for example, are born male, grow.
become female and lay eggs; some oyster species change sex multiple times.
Sexual reproduction starts with the combination of a sperm and an egg in a process called fertilization.
This can occur either inside or outside the body of the female.
Humans provide an example of the former whereas seahorse reproduction is an example of the latter.
External Fertilization External fertilization usually occurs in aquatic environments where both eggs and sperm are released into the water.
After the sperm reaches the egg, fertilization takes place.
Most external fertilization happens during the process of spawning where one or several females release their eggs and the male release sperm in the same area, at the same time.
The release of the reproductive material may be triggered by water temperature or the length of daylight.
Pairs of fish that are not broadcast spawners may exhibit courtship behavior.
This allows the female to select a particular male.
The trigger for egg and sperm release causes the egg and sperm to be placed in a small area, enhancing the possibility of fertilization.
External fertilization in an aquatic environment protects the eggs from drying out.
Broadcast spawning can result in a greater mixture of the genes within a group, leading to higher genetic diversity and a greater chance of species survival in a hostile environment.
For sessile aquatic organisms like sponges, broadcast spawning is the only mechanism for fertilization and colonization of new environments.
The presence of the fertilized eggs and developing young in the water provides opportunities for predation resulting in a loss of offspring.
Therefore, millions of eggs must be produced by individuals, and the offspring produced through this method must mature rapidly.
Therefore, millions of eggs must be produced by individuals.
the offspring produced through this method must mature rapidly.
The survival rate of eggs produced through broadcast spawning is low.
Internal Fertilization Internal fertilization occurs most often in land-based animals, although some aquatic animals also use this method.
In oviparity, fertilized eggs are laid outside the parent's body and develop there, receiving nourishment from the yolk that is a part of the egg.
This occurs in most bony fish, many reptiles, some cartilaginous fish, most amphibians, two mammals, and all birds.
This occurs in most bony fish, many reptiles, some cartilaginous fish, most amphibians, two mammals.
Reptiles and insects produce leathery eggs, while birds and turtles produce eggs with high concentrations of calcium carbonate in the shell, making them hard.
Reptiles and insects produce leathery eggs.
birds and turtles produce eggs with high concentrations of calcium carbonate in the shell, making them hard.
Chicken eggs are an example of this second type.
The offspring develops in the female and is born alive.
This occurs in most mammals, some cartilaginous fish, and a few reptiles.
This occurs in most mammals, some cartilaginous fish.
Internal fertilization has the advantage of protecting the fertilized egg from dehydration on land.
The embryo is isolated within the female, which limits predation on the young.
Internal fertilization enhances the fertilization of eggs by a specific male.
Fewer offspring are produced through this method, but their survival rate is higher than that for external fertilization.
The Evolution of Reproduction Once multicellular organisms evolved and developed specialized cells, some also developed tissues and organs with specialized functions.
An early development in reproduction occurred in the Annelids.
These organisms produce sperm and eggs from undifferentiated cells in their coelom and store them in that cavity.
When the coelom becomes filled, the cells are released through an excretory opening or by the body splitting open.
Reproductive organs evolved with the development of gonads that produce sperm and eggs.
These cells went through meiosis, an adaptation of mitosis, which reduced the number of chromosomes in each reproductive cell by half, while increasing the number of cells through cell division.
These cells went through meiosis, an adaptation of mitosis, which reduced the number of chromosomes in each reproductive cell by half.
Complete reproductive systems were developed in insects, with separate sexes.
Sperm are made in testes and then travel through coiled tubes to the epididymis for storage.
Eggs mature in the ovary.
When they are released from the ovary, they travel to the uterine tubes for fertilization.
Some insects have a specialized sac, called a spermatheca, which stores sperm for later use, sometimes up to a year.
Fertilization can be timed with environmental or food conditions that are optimal for offspring survival.
Vertebrates have similar structures, with a few differences.
Non-mammals, such as birds and reptiles, have a common body opening, called a cloaca, for the digestive, excretory and reproductive systems.
Mammals have separate openings for the systems in the female and a uterus for support of developing offspring.
The uterus has two chambers in species that produce large numbers of offspring at a time, while species that produce one offspring, such as primates, have a single uterus.
The uterus has two chambers in species that produce large numbers of offspring at a time.
species that produce one offspring, such as primates, have a single uterus.
As animals became more complex, specific organs and organ systems developed to support specific functions for the organism.
The reproductive structures that evolved in land animals allow males and females to mate, fertilize internally, and support the growth and development of offspring.
The reproductive structures that evolved in land animals allow males and females to mate, fertilize internally.
Human Reproductive Anatomy The reproductive tissues of male and female humans develop similarly in utero until, in some cases, a low level of the hormone testosterone is released from gonads.
Testosterone causes the undeveloped tissues to differentiate into organs, such as the scrotum and penis.
When testosterone is absent, the tissues continue to develop into structures such as the ovaries and labia.
These cells are considered bipotential: one group of cells has the potential to develop into either type of reproductive structure.
Primitive gonads become testes or ovaries.
Tissues that produce a penis in males produce a clitoris in females.
The tissue that will become the scrotum in a male becomes the labia in a female; that is, they are homologous structures.
The tissue that will become the scrotum in a male becomes the labia in a female.
that is, they are homologous structures.
Male Reproductive Anatomy In the male reproductive system, the scrotum houses the testicles or testes, including providing passage for blood vessels, nerves, and muscles related to testicular function.
Male Reproductive Anatomy In the male reproductive system, the scrotum houses the testicles or testes, including providing passage for blood vessels, nerves.
The testes are a pair of male reproductive organs that produce sperm and some reproductive hormones.
Infertility can occur in land mammals when the testes do not descend through the abdominal cavity during fetal development.
b. Sperm mature in seminiferous tubules in the testes.
Both the prostate and the bulbourethral glands produce components of the semen.
The prostate gland is located in the testes.
The sperm cells are mixed with "nursemaid" cells called Sertoli cells which protect the germ cells and promote their development.
Other cells mixed in the wall of the tubules are the interstitial cells of Leydig.
These cells produce high levels of testosterone once the male reaches adolescence.
This structure resembles a comma and lies along the top and posterior portion of the testes; it is the site of sperm maturation.
This structure resembles a comma and lies along the top and posterior portion of the testes.
it is the site of sperm maturation.
During a vasectomy, a section of the vas deferens is removed, preventing sperm from being passed out of the body during ejaculation and preventing fertilization.
Semen is a mixture of sperm and spermatic duct secretions and fluids from accessory glands that contribute most of the semen's volume.
Sperm are haploid cells, consisting of a flagellum as a tail, a neck that contains the cell's energy-producing mitochondria, and a head that contains the genetic material.
Sperm are haploid cells, consisting of a flagellum as a tail, a neck that contains the cell's energy-producing mitochondria.
An acrosome is found at the top of the head of the sperm.
This structure contains lysosomal enzymes that can digest the protective coverings that surround the egg to help the sperm penetrate and fertilize the egg.
An ejaculate will contain from two to five milliliters of fluid with from 50–120 million sperm per milliliter.
The bulk of the semen comes from the accessory glands associated with the male reproductive system.
The seminal vesicles are a pair of glands that lie along the posterior border of the urinary bladder.
The glands make a solution that is thick, yellowish, and alkaline.
As sperm are only motile in an alkaline environment, a basic pH is important to reverse the acidity of the vaginal environment.
The solution also contains mucus, fructose, a coagulating enzyme, ascorbic acid, and local-acting hormones called prostaglandins.
The solution also contains mucus, fructose, a coagulating enzyme, ascorbic acid.
The seminal vesicle glands account for 60 percent of the bulk of semen.
The penis contains three tubes of erectile tissue running through the length of the organ.
This tissue will become engorged with blood, becoming erect and hard, in preparation for intercourse.
The organ is inserted into the vagina culminating with an ejaculation.
During intercourse, the smooth muscle sphincters at the opening to the renal bladder close and prevent urine from entering the penis.
An orgasm is a two-stage process: first, glands and accessory organs connected to the testes contract, then semen is expelled through the urethra during ejaculation.
After intercourse, the blood drains from the erectile tissue and the penis becomes flaccid.
The walnut-shaped prostate gland surrounds the urethra, the connection to the urinary bladder.
It has a series of short ducts that directly connect to the urethra.
The gland is a mixture of smooth muscle and glandular tissue.
The muscle provides much of the force needed for ejaculation to occur.
The glandular tissue makes a thin, milky fluid that contains citrate, enzymes, and prostate specific antigen.
The glandular tissue makes a thin, milky fluid that contains citrate, enzymes.
PSA is a proteolytic enzyme that helps to liquefy the ejaculate several minutes after release from the male.
Prostate gland secretions account for about 30 percent of the bulk of semen.
The bulbourethral gland, or Cowper's gland, releases its secretion prior to the release of the bulk of the semen.
Cowper's gland, releases its secretion prior to the release of the bulk of the semen.
It neutralizes any acid residue in the urethra left over from urine.
This usually accounts for a couple of drops of fluid in the total ejaculate and may contain a few sperm.
The location and functions of the male reproductive organs are summarized in.
Female Reproductive Anatomy A number of reproductive structures are exterior to the female's body.
The location and functions of the female reproductive organs are summarized in.
The vulva is an area associated with the vestibule which includes the structures found in the inguinal area.
The mons pubis is a round, fatty area that overlies the pubic symphysis.
The clitoris is a structure with erectile tissue that contains a large number of sensory nerves and serves as a source of stimulation during intercourse.
The labia majora are a pair of elongated folds of tissue that run posterior from the mons pubis and enclose the other components of the vulva.
The labia minora are thin folds of tissue centrally located within the labia majora.
These labia protect the openings to the vagina and urethra.
The mons pubis and the anterior portion of the labia majora become covered with hair during adolescence; the labia minora is hairless.
The mons pubis and the anterior portion of the labia majora become covered with hair during adolescence.
the labia minora is hairless.
The greater vestibular glands are found at the sides of the vaginal opening and provide lubrication during intercourse.
The breasts consist of mammary glands and fat.
The size of the breast is determined by the amount of fat deposited behind the gland.
The pair of ovaries is held in place in the abdominal cavity by a system of ligaments.
Ovaries consist of a medulla and cortex: the medulla contains nerves and blood vessels to supply the cortex with nutrients and remove waste.
The outer layers of cells of the cortex are the functional parts of the ovaries.
The cortex is made up of follicular cells that surround eggs that develop during fetal development in utero.
During the menstrual period, a batch of follicular cells develops and prepares the eggs for release.
The follicle becomes a corpus luteum, which eventually degenerates.
The follicle in this light micrograph has an oocyte at its center.
The oviducts, or fallopian tubes, extend from the uterus in the lower abdominal cavity to the ovaries, but they are not in contact with the ovaries.
fallopian tubes, extend from the uterus in the lower abdominal cavity to the ovaries, but they are not in contact with the ovaries.
The cilia beat toward the middle, and the smooth muscle contracts in the same direction, moving the egg toward the uterus.
The cilia beat toward the middle.
Fertilization usually takes place within the oviducts and the developing embryo is moved toward the uterus for development.
It usually takes the egg or embryo a week to travel through the oviduct.
Sterilization in females is called a tubal ligation; it is analogous to a vasectomy in males in that the oviducts are severed and sealed.
it is analogous to a vasectomy in males in that the oviducts are severed and sealed.
The uterus is a structure about the size of a woman's fist.
This is lined with an endometrium rich in blood vessels and mucus glands.
The uterus supports the developing embryo and fetus during gestation.
The thickest portion of the wall of the uterus is made of smooth muscle.
The vagina is a muscular tube that serves several purposes.
It allows menstrual flow to leave the body.
It is the receptacle for the penis during intercourse and the vessel for the delivery of offspring.
It is lined by stratified squamous epithelial cells to protect the underlying tissue.
Sexual Response during Intercourse The sexual response in humans is both psychological and physiological.
During phase one, called excitement, vasodilation leads to vasocongestion in erectile tissues.
During phase three, or orgasm, rhythmic, involuntary contractions of muscles occur.
During phase four, or resolution, the processes described in the first three phases reverse themselves and return to their normal state.
resolution, the processes described in the first three phases reverse themselves and return to their normal state.
Males experience a refractory period in which they cannot maintain an erection or ejaculate for a period of time ranging from minutes to hours.
Gametogenesis Gametogenesis, the production of sperm and eggs, takes place through the process of meiosis.
During meiosis, two cell divisions separate the paired chromosomes in the nucleus and then separate the chromatids that were made during an earlier stage of the cell's life cycle.
Meiosis produces haploid cells with half of each pair of chromosomes normally found in diploid cells.
Meiosis starts with a cell called a primary spermatocyte.
At the end of the first meiotic division, a haploid cell is produced called a secondary spermatocyte.
This cell is haploid and must go through another meiotic cell division.
Stem cells are deposited during gestation and are present at birth through the beginning of adolescence, but in an inactive state.
During adolescence, gonadotropic hormones from the anterior pituitary cause the activation of these cells and the production of viable sperm.
This continues into old age.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit this site to see the process of spermatogenesis.
The process of oogenesis occurs in the ovary's outermost layer.
This cell will start the first meiotic division and be arrested in its progress in the first prophase stage.
At the time of birth, all future eggs are in the prophase stage.
At adolescence, anterior pituitary hormones cause the development of a number of follicles in an ovary.
At ovulation, this secondary oocyte will be released and travel toward the uterus through the oviduct.
Egg production begins before birth, is arrested during meiosis until puberty, and then individual cells continue through at each menstrual cycle.
Egg production begins before birth, is arrested during meiosis until puberty.
then individual cells continue through at each menstrual cycle.
One egg is produced from each meiotic process, with the extra chromosomes and chromatids going into polar bodies that degenerate and are reabsorbed by the body.
The human male and female reproductive cycles are controlled by the interaction of hormones from the hypothalamus and anterior pituitary with hormones from reproductive tissues and organs.
When the reproductive hormone is required, the hypothalamus sends a gonadotropin-releasing hormone to the anterior pituitary.
This causes the release of follicle stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone from the anterior pituitary into the blood.
Although FSH and LH are named after their functions in female reproduction, they are produced in both sexes and play important roles in controlling reproduction.
Other hormones have specific functions in the male and female reproductive systems.
Male Hormones At the onset of puberty, the hypothalamus causes the release of FSH and LH into the male system for the first time.
LH also enters the testes and stimulates the interstitial cells of Leydig to make and release testosterone into the testes and the blood.
Testosterone, the hormone responsible for the secondary sexual characteristics that develop in the male during adolescence, stimulates spermatogenesis.
These secondary sex characteristics include a deepening of the voice, the growth of facial, axillary, and pubic hair, and the beginnings of the sex drive.
These secondary sex characteristics include a deepening of the voice, the growth of facial, axillary.
A negative feedback system occurs in the male with rising levels of testosterone acting on the hypothalamus and anterior pituitary to inhibit the release of GnRH, FSH, and LH.
A negative feedback system occurs in the male with rising levels of testosterone acting on the hypothalamus and anterior pituitary to inhibit the release of GnRH, FSH.
The Sertoli cells produce the hormone inhibin, which is released into the blood when the sperm count is too high.
This inhibits the release of GnRH and FSH, which will cause spermatogenesis to slow down.
If the sperm count reaches 20 million/ml, the Sertoli cells cease the release of inhibin, and the sperm count increases.
If the sperm count reaches 20 million/ml, the Sertoli cells cease the release of inhibin.
The control of reproduction in females is more complex.
As with the male, the anterior pituitary hormones cause the release of the hormones FSH and LH.
In addition, estrogens and progesterone are released from the developing follicles.
Estrogen is the reproductive hormone in females that assists in endometrial regrowth, ovulation, and calcium absorption; it is also responsible for the secondary sexual characteristics of females.
Estrogen is the reproductive hormone in females that assists in endometrial regrowth, ovulation, and calcium absorption.
it is also responsible for the secondary sexual characteristics of females.
Estrogen is the reproductive hormone in females that assists in endometrial regrowth, ovulation.
calcium absorption; it is also responsible for the secondary sexual characteristics of females.
These include breast development, flaring of the hips, and a shorter period necessary for bone maturation.
These include breast development, flaring of the hips.
Follicle cells produce the hormone inhibin, which inhibits FSH production.
Estradiol and progesterone are steroid hormones that prepare the body for pregnancy.
Estradiol produces secondary sex characteristics in females, while both estradiol and progesterone regulate the menstrual cycle.
Estradiol produces secondary sex characteristics in females.
both estradiol and progesterone regulate the menstrual cycle.
The ovarian cycle governs the preparation of endocrine tissues and release of eggs, while the menstrual cycle governs the preparation and maintenance of the uterine lining.
The ovarian cycle governs the preparation of endocrine tissues and release of eggs.
the menstrual cycle governs the preparation and maintenance of the uterine lining.
These cycles occur concurrently and are coordinated over a 22–32 day cycle, with an average length of 28 days.
Slowly rising levels of FSH and LH cause the growth of follicles on the surface of the ovary.
This process prepares the egg for ovulation.
As the follicles grow, they begin releasing estrogens and a low level of progesterone.
If the fertilization of the egg happens, it takes place in the fallopian tube.
The trip of a fertilized egg through the fallopian tube takes about seven days.
After about five days, estrogen levels rise and the menstrual cycle enters the proliferative phase.
The endometrium begins to regrow, replacing the blood vessels and glands that deteriorated during the end of the last cycle.
The ovarian and menstrual cycles of female reproduction are regulated by hormones produced by the hypothalamus, pituitary, and ovaries.
The ovarian and menstrual cycles of female reproduction are regulated by hormones produced by the hypothalamus, pituitary.
a. LH and FSH are produced in the pituitary, and estradiol and progesterone are produced in the ovaries.
a. LH and FSH are produced in the pituitary.
estradiol and progesterone are produced in the ovaries.
b. Estradiol and progesterone secreted from the corpus luteum cause the endometrium to thicken.
Both progesterone and estradiol are produced by the follicles.
Just prior to the middle of the cycle, the high level of estrogen causes FSH and especially LH to rise rapidly, then fall.
The luteal and secretory phases refer to changes in the ruptured follicle.
The cells in the follicle undergo physical changes and produce a structure called a corpus luteum.
The corpus luteum produces estrogen and progesterone.
The progesterone facilitates the regrowth of the uterine lining and inhibits the release of further FSH and LH.
The uterus is being prepared to accept a fertilized egg, should it occur during this cycle.
The inhibition of FSH and LH prevents any further eggs and follicles from developing, while the progesterone is elevated.
The inhibition of FSH and LH prevents any further eggs and follicles from developing.
If no fertilized egg is implanted into the uterus, the corpus luteum degenerates and the levels of estrogen and progesterone decrease.
The endometrium begins to degenerate as the progesterone levels drop, initiating the next menstrual cycle.
The decrease in progesterone also allows the hypothalamus to send GnRH to the anterior pituitary, releasing FSH and LH and starting the cycles again.
a. Progesterone levels rise during the luteal phase of the ovarian cycle and the secretory phase of the uterine cycle.
b. Menstruation occurs just after LH and FSH levels peak.
Estrogen levels rise before ovulation, while progesterone levels rise after.
Estrogen levels rise before ovulation.
progesterone levels rise after.
As people with ovarian reproductive systems approach their mid-40s to mid-50s, their ovaries begin to lose their sensitivity to FSH and LH.
Menstrual periods become less frequent and finally cease; this is menopause.
Menstrual periods become less frequent and finally cease.
this is menopause.
One outcome of this is the inability to have children.
The side effects of menopause include hot flashes, heavy sweating, headaches, some hair loss, muscle pain, vaginal dryness, insomnia, depression, weight gain, and mood swings.
The side effects of menopause include hot flashes, heavy sweating, headaches, some hair loss, muscle pain, vaginal dryness, insomnia, depression, weight gain.
Estrogen is involved in calcium metabolism and, without it, blood levels of calcium decrease.
To replenish the blood, calcium is lost from bone which may decrease the bone density and lead to osteoporosis.
Supplementation of estrogen in the form of hormone replacement therapy can prevent bone loss, but the therapy can have negative side effects.
Reproductive Endocrinologist A reproductive endocrinologist is a physician who treats a variety of hormonal disorders related to reproduction and infertility.
The disorders include menstrual problems, infertility, pregnancy loss, sexual dysfunction, and menopause.
The disorders include menstrual problems, infertility, pregnancy loss, sexual dysfunction.
Doctors may use fertility drugs, surgery, or assisted reproductive techniques in their therapy.
Doctors may use fertility drugs, surgery.
ART involves the use of procedures to manipulate the egg or sperm to facilitate reproduction, such as in vitro fertilization.
Reproductive endocrinologists undergo extensive medical training, first in a four-year residency in obstetrics and gynecology, then in a three-year fellowship in reproductive endocrinology.
To be board certified in this area, the physician must pass written and oral exams in both areas.
Pregnancy begins with the fertilization of an egg and continues through to the birth of the individual.
The fox has a 57-day gestation.
Dogs and cats have similar gestations averaging 60 days.
The longest gestation for a land mammal is an African elephant at 640 days.
The longest gestations among marine mammals are the beluga and sperm whales at 460 days.
Human Gestation Twenty-four hours before fertilization, the egg has finished meiosis and becomes a mature oocyte.
the egg becomes known as a zygote.
The developing embryo must implant into the wall of the uterus within seven days, or it will deteriorate and die.
The developing embryo must implant into the wall of the uterus within seven days.
The outer layers of the zygote grow into the endometrium by digesting the endometrial cells, and wound healing of the endometrium closes up the blastocyst into the tissue.
The outer layers of the zygote grow into the endometrium by digesting the endometrial cells.
wound healing of the endometrium closes up the blastocyst into the tissue.
Another layer of the blastocyst, the chorion, begins releasing a hormone called human beta chorionic gonadotropin which makes its way to the corpus luteum and keeps that structure active.
This ensures adequate levels of progesterone that will maintain the endometrium of the uterus for the support of the developing embryo.
Pregnancy tests determine the level of β-HCG in urine or serum.
If the hormone is present, the test is positive.
Implantation occurs eight or nine days later.
The gestation period is divided into three equal periods or trimesters.
As the trimester progresses, the outer layer of the embryo begins to merge with the endometrium, and the placenta forms.
As the trimester progresses, the outer layer of the embryo begins to merge with the endometrium.
This organ takes over the nutrient and waste requirements of the embryo and fetus, with the parent's blood passing nutrients to the placenta and removing waste from it.
Chemicals from the fetus, such as bilirubin, are processed by the parent's liver for elimination.
Some of the parent's immunoglobulins will pass through the placenta, providing passive immunity against some potential infections.
Internal organs and body structures begin to develop during the first trimester.
By five weeks, limb buds, eyes, the heart, and liver have been basically formed.
liver have been basically formed.
The individual is about five centimeters in length and many of the organs, such as the lungs and liver, are not yet functioning.
Exposure to any toxins is especially dangerous during the first trimester, as all of the body's organs and structures are going through initial development.
It becomes active and the pregnant person usually feels the first movements.
All organs and structures continue to develop.
The placenta has taken over the functions of nutrition and waste and the production of estrogen and progesterone from the corpus luteum, which has degenerated.
The placenta will continue functioning up through the delivery of the baby.
This fetus is just entering the second trimester, when the placenta takes over more of the functions performed as the baby develops.
This is the period of the most rapid growth during the pregnancy.
Organ development continues to birth.
pregnant person will be most uncomfortable during this trimester.
They may urinate frequently due to pressure on the bladder from the fetus.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit this site to see the stages of human fetal development.
Labor and Birth Labor is the physical efforts of expulsion of the fetus and the placenta from the uterus during birth.
Toward the end of the third trimester, estrogen causes receptors on the uterine wall to develop and bind the hormone oxytocin.
At this time, the baby reorients, facing forward and down with the back or crown of the head engaging the cervix.
This causes the cervix to stretch and nerve impulses are sent to the hypothalamus, which signals for the release of oxytocin from the posterior pituitary.
The oxytocin causes the smooth muscle in the uterine wall to contract.
A positive feedback relay occurs between the uterus, hypothalamus, and the posterior pituitary to assure an adequate supply of oxytocin.
A positive feedback relay occurs between the uterus, hypothalamus.
As more smooth muscle cells are recruited, the contractions increase in intensity and force.
This is necessary for the baby and placenta to be expelled during birth.
The cervix will eventually dilate to about 10 cm.
During stage two, the baby is expelled from the uterus.
The last stage is the passage of the placenta after the baby has been born and the organ has completely disengaged from the uterine wall.
An alternative to labor and delivery is the surgical delivery of the baby through a procedure called a Caesarian section.
The pregnant female's mammary glands go through changes during the third trimester to prepare for lactation and breastfeeding.
Prolactin causes the mammary glands to produce milk.
Oxytocin is also released, promoting the release of the milk.
The milk contains nutrients for the baby's development and growth as well as immunoglobulins to protect the child from bacterial and viral infections.
The prevention of a pregnancy comes under the terms contraception or birth control.
Strictly speaking, contraception refers to preventing the sperm and egg from joining.
The failure rates listed are not the ideal rates that could be realized, but the typical rates that occur.
A failure rate is the number of pregnancies resulting from the method's use over a twelve-month period.
Spermicides are chemicals that are placed in the vagina that kill sperm.
Sponges, which are saturated with spermicides, are placed in the vagina at the cervical opening.
Combinations of spermicidal chemicals and barrier methods achieve lower failure rates than do the methods when used separately.
Nearly a quarter of the couples using barrier methods, natural family planning, or withdrawal can expect a failure of the method.
withdrawal can expect a failure of the method.
Natural family planning is based on the monitoring of the menstrual cycle and having intercourse only during times when the egg is not available.
During ovulation, a person's body temperature may rise a degree Celsius and the cervical mucus may increase in volume and become more pliable.
These changes give a general indication of when intercourse is more or less likely to result in fertilization.
Withdrawal involves the removal of the penis from the vagina during intercourse, before ejaculation occurs.
Hormonal methods use synthetic progesterone, to inhibit the hypothalamus from releasing FSH or LH, and thus prevent an egg from being available for fertilization.
Hormonal methods use synthetic progesterone, to inhibit the hypothalamus from releasing FSH or LH.
The method of administering the hormone affects failure rate.
The most reliable method, with a failure rate of less than 1 percent, is the implantation of the hormone under the skin.
The same rate can be achieved through the sterilization procedures of vasectomy in the man or of tubal ligation in the woman, or by using an intrauterine device.
The same rate can be achieved through the sterilization procedures of vasectomy in the man or of tubal ligation in the woman.
IUDs are inserted into the uterus and establish an inflammatory condition that prevents fertilized eggs from implanting into the uterine wall.
The only method that is completely effective at preventing conception is abstinence.
The choice of contraceptive method depends on the goals of the woman or couple.
other methods are reversible and provide short-term contraception.
Termination of an existing pregnancy can be spontaneous or voluntary.
Spontaneous termination is a miscarriage and usually occurs very early in the pregnancy, usually within the first few weeks.
Voluntary termination of a pregnancy is an abortion.
Laws regulating abortion vary between states and tend to view fetal viability as the criteria for allowing or preventing the procedure.
Infertility Infertility is the inability to conceive a child or carry a child to birth.
Inadequate nutrition, especially starvation, can delay menstruation.
Stress can also lead to infertility.
Short-term stress can affect hormone levels, while long-term stress can delay puberty and cause less frequent menstrual cycles.
Short-term stress can affect hormone levels.
long-term stress can delay puberty and cause less frequent menstrual cycles.
Other factors that affect fertility include toxins, tobacco smoking, marijuana use, gonadal injuries, and aging.
Other factors that affect fertility include toxins, tobacco smoking, marijuana use, gonadal injuries.
If infertility is identified, several assisted reproductive technologies are available to aid conception.
A common type of ART is in vitro fertilization where an egg and sperm are combined outside the body and then placed in the uterus.
This technique was first successfully performed in mice by Anne McLaren and John Biggers, whose work is credited as among the most significant in reproductive medicine.
Eggs are obtained from the woman after extensive hormonal treatments that prepare mature eggs for fertilization and prepare the uterus for implantation of the fertilized egg.
IVF procedures produce a surplus of fertilized eggs and embryos that can be frozen and stored for future use.
The procedures can also result in multiple births.
A sperm is inserted into an egg for fertilization during intracytoplasmic sperm injection.
The process in which an organism develops from a single-celled zygote to a multi-cellular organism is complex and well-regulated.
The early stages of embryonic development are also crucial for ensuring the fitness of the organism.
The egg and sperm each contain one set of chromosomes.
To ensure that the offspring has only one complete diploid set of chromosomes, only one sperm must fuse with one egg.
In mammals, the egg is protected by a layer of extracellular matrix consisting mainly of glycoproteins called the zona pellucida.
When a sperm binds to the zona pellucida, a series of biochemical events, called the acrosomal reactions, take place.
The fusion of these two membranes creates an opening through which the sperm nucleus is transferred into the ovum.
The nuclear membranes of the egg and sperm break down and the two haploid genomes condense to form a diploid genome.
Acrosomal reactions help the sperm degrade the glycoprotein matrix protecting the egg and allow the sperm to transfer its nucleus.
Ernest Everett Just, who was particularly skilled and knowledgeable in handling invertebrate eggs, demonstrated several mechanisms at work at different rates.
The fast reaction included what Just called a "wave of negativity," in which the membrane potential of the egg cell altered quickly.
If these mechanisms fail, multiple sperm can fuse with the egg, resulting in polyspermy.
The resulting embryo is not genetically viable and dies within a few days.
Cleavage and Blastula Stage The development of multi-cellular organisms begins from a single-celled zygote, which undergoes rapid cell division to form the blastula.
The blastula is usually a spherical layer of cells surrounding a fluid-filled or yolk-filled cavity.
During cleavage, the cells divide without an increase in mass; that is, one large single-celled zygote divides into multiple smaller cells.
During cleavage, the cells divide without an increase in mass.
that is, one large single-celled zygote divides into multiple smaller cells.
During cleavage, the zygote rapidly divides into multiple cells without increasing in size.
The cells rearrange themselves to form a hollow ball with a fluid-filled or yolk-filled cavity called the blastula.
Cleavage can take place in two ways: holoblastic cleavage or meroblastic cleavage.
The type of cleavage depends on the amount of yolk in the eggs.
In placental mammals where nourishment is provided by the parent's body, the eggs have a very small amount of yolk and undergo holoblastic cleavage.
Other species, such as birds, with a lot of yolk in the egg to nourish the embryo during development, undergo meroblastic cleavage.
In mammals, the blastula forms the blastocyst in the next stage of development.
Here the cells in the blastula arrange themselves in two layers: the inner cell mass, and an outer layer called the trophoblast.
Here the cells in the blastula arrange themselves in two layers: the inner cell mass.
an outer layer called the trophoblast.
The inner cell mass is also known as the embryoblast and this mass of cells will go on to form the embryo.
The trophoblast will contribute to the placenta and nourish the embryo.
The typical blastula is a ball of cells.
The next stage in embryonic development is the formation of the body plan.
The cells in the blastula rearrange themselves spatially to form three layers of cells.
During gastrulation, the blastula folds upon itself to form the three layers of cells.
Each of these layers is called a germ layer and each germ layer differentiates into different organ systems.
The ectoderm gives rise to the nervous system and the epidermis.
The mesoderm gives rise to the muscle cells and connective tissue in the body.
The endoderm gives rise to columnar cells found in the digestive system and many internal organs.
The three germ layers give rise to different cell types in the animal body.
The genetic engineering of a human child, the production of "designer babies" with desirable phenotypic characteristics, was once a topic restricted to science fiction.
This is the case no longer: science fiction is now overlapping into science fact.
Many phenotypic choices for offspring are already available, with many more likely to be possible in the not too distant future.
The ethical and moral line is not always clear or agreed upon, and some fear that modern reproductive technologies could lead to a new form of eugenics.
The ethical and moral line is not always clear or agreed upon.
Eugenics is the use of information and technology from a variety of sources to improve the genetic makeup of the human race.
Ever since, eugenic ideas have not been as publicly expressed, but there are still those who promote them.
Efforts have been made in the past to control traits in human children using donated sperm from people with desired traits.
In fact, eugenicist Robert Klark Graham established a sperm bank in 1980 that included samples exclusively from donors with high IQs.
The "genius" sperm bank failed to capture the public's imagination and the operation closed in 1999.
In more recent times, the procedure known as prenatal genetic diagnosis has been developed.
By excluding embryos containing these alleles from implantation into the mother, the disease is prevented, and the unused embryos are either donated to science or discarded.
By excluding embryos containing these alleles from implantation into the mother, the disease is prevented.
the unused embryos are either donated to science or discarded.
The major limitation to this procedure is its expense.
Not usually covered by medical insurance and thus out of reach financially for most people, only a very small percentage of all live births use such complicated methodologies.
Yet, even in cases like these where the ethical issues may seem to be clear-cut, not everyone agrees with the morality of these types of procedures.
For example, to those who take the position that human life begins at conception, the discarding of unused embryos, a necessary result of PGD, is unacceptable under any circumstances.
A murkier ethical situation is found in the selection of a child's sex, which is easily performed by PGD.
Currently, countries such as Great Britain have banned the selection of a child's sex for reasons other than preventing sex- linked diseases.
Other countries allow the procedure for "family balancing", based on the desire of some parents to have at least one child of each sex.
These parents usually cite many positive aspects of their disabilities and associated culture as reasons for their choice, which they see as their moral right.
This procedure, although not illegal in most countries, demonstrates the complexity of ethical issues associated with choosing genetic traits in offspring.
Other bioethicists argue that we should only deal with technologies that exist now, and not in some uncertain future.
Other bioethicists argue that we should only deal with technologies that exist now.
They argue that these types of procedures will always be expensive and rare, so the fears of eugenics and "master" races are unfounded and overstated.
Gastrulation leads to the formation of the three germ layers that give rise, during further development, to the different organs in the animal body.
Organogenesis is characterized by rapid and precise movements of the cells within the embryo.
Organogenesis Organs form from the germ layers through the process of differentiation.
During differentiation, the embryonic stem cells express specific sets of genes which will determine their ultimate cell type.
For example, some cells in the ectoderm will express the genes specific to skin cells.
As a result, these cells will differentiate into epidermal cells.
The process of differentiation is regulated by cellular signaling cascades.
Scientists study organogenesis extensively in the lab in fruit flies and the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans.
The nematode C.elegans has roughly 1000 somatic cells and scientists have studied the fate of each of these cells during their development in the nematode life cycle.
The ectoderm forms epithelial cells and tissues, and neuronal tissues.
The ectoderm forms epithelial cells and tissues.
The remaining cells in the center form the neural plate.
If the signaling by growth factors were disrupted, then the entire ectoderm would differentiate into neural tissue.
In further development, the neural tube will give rise to the brain and the spinal cord.
The central region of the ectoderm forms the neural tube, which gives rise to the brain and the spinal cord.
The mesoderm that lies on either side of the vertebrate neural tube will develop into the various connective tissues of the animal body.
A spatial pattern of gene expression reorganizes the mesoderm into groups of cells called somites with spaces between them.
The mesoderm also forms a structure called the notochord, which is rod-shaped and forms the central axis of the animal body.
In this five-week old human embryo, somites are segments along the length of the body.
Vertebrate Axis Formation Even as the germ layers form, the ball of cells still retains its spherical shape.
Animal bodies have three axes for symmetry.
They found that the transplanted embryo now had two notochords: one at the dorsal site from the original cells and another at the transplanted site.
This suggested that the dorsal cells were genetically programmed to form the notochord and define the axis.
Since then, researchers have identified many genes that are responsible for axis formation.
Mutations in these genes leads to the loss of symmetry required for organism development.
Animal bodies have externally visible symmetry.
However, the internal organs are not symmetric.
For example, the heart is on the left side and the liver on the right.
The formation of the central left-right axis is an important process during development.
This internal asymmetry is established very early during development and involves many genes.
Research is still ongoing to fully understand the developmental implications of these genes.
Gametogenesis Asexual reproduction occurs through fission, budding, As animals became more complex, specific organs and and fragmentation.
Sexual reproduction may mean the organ systems developed to support specific functions joining of sperm and eggs within animals' bodies or it for the organism.
The reproductive structures that may mean the release of sperm and eggs into the evolved in land animals allow males and females to environment.
Processes developed to may stay male or female.
This sperm and eggs, takes can occur either outside the bodies or inside the place through the process of meiosis.
Once fertilized, the eggs can develop 43.4 Hormonal Control of Human inside the female or outside.
If the egg develops Reproduction outside the body, it usually has a protective covering The male and female reproductive cycles are over it.
Animal anatomy evolved various ways to controlled by hormones released from the fertilize, hold, or expel the egg.
Animal anatomy evolved various ways to controlled by hormones released from the fertilize, hold.
The method of hypothalamus and anterior pituitary as well as fertilization varies among animals.
FSH and LH affect reproductive structures to have infertility problems.
In the male, 43.6 Fertilization and Early Embryonic FSH and LH stimulate Sertoli cells and interstitial cells Development of Leydig in the testes to facilitate sperm production.
The early stages of embryonic development begin with The Leydig cells produce testosterone, which also is fertilization.
The process of fertilization is tightly responsible for the secondary sexual characteristics of controlled to ensure that only one sperm fuses with males.
In females, FSH and LH cause estrogen and one egg.
They regulate the female cleavage to form the blastula.
Menopause occurs process called gastrulation, in which the three germ when the ovaries lose their sensitivity to FSH and LH layers form.
The ectoderm gives rise to the nervous and the reproductive cycles slow to a stop.
The labor process has three stages, each Formation propelled by hormones.
The first trimester lays down Organogenesis is the formation of organs from the the basic structures of the body, including the limb germ layers.
Each germ layer gives rise to specific buds, heart, eyes, and the liver.
Each germ layer gives rise to specific buds, heart, eyes.
The first stage is the formation of the continues the development of all of the organs and neural system in the ectoderm.
The mesoderm gives systems.
The third trimester exhibits the greatest rise to somites and the notochord.
Formation of growth of the fetus and culminates in labor and vertebrate axis is another important developmental delivery.
Prevention of a pregnancy can be stage.
Both progesterone and estradiol are a.
d. Secretion of GnRH by the hypothalamus is b. Sperm mature in seminiferous tubules in inhibited by low levels of estradiol but the testes.
a. Progesterone levels rise during the luteal 2.
and estradiol and progesterone are c. Menstruation occurs after progesterone produced in the ovaries.
b. Estradiol and progesterone secreted from d. Estrogen levels rise before ovulation, while the corpus luteum cause the endometrium progesterone levels rise after.
b. Estradiol and progesterone secreted from d. Estrogen levels rise before ovulation.
the corpus luteum cause the endometrium progesterone levels rise after.
Genetically unique individuals are produced b. labia majora through ________.
c. greater vestibular glands a. sexual reproduction d. vagina b. parthenogenesis c. budding 15.
Sperm are produced in the ________.
Nutrient and waste requirements for the d. third trimester developing fetus are handled during the first few weeks by: 27.
The endoderm, mesoderm, ectoderm are b. diffusion through the endometrium germ layers.
The trophoblast is a germ layer.
The inner cell mass is a source of embryonic stem cells.
Progesterone is made during the third trimester d.
The blastula is often a hollow ball of cells.
During cleavage, the mass of cells: b. endometrial lining a. increases c. chorion b. decreases d. corpus luteum c. doubles with every cell division d. does not change significantly 23.
Why is sexual reproduction useful if only half the 35.
type of cells finally produced.
What are the advantages and disadvantages of 37.