# Biology2e Chapter 44 — Ecology and the Biosphere
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 607

The white-footed mouse is one well-known host to deer ticks carrying the Lyme disease bacterium.
Perhaps you are interested in learning about the natural world and how living things have adapted to the physical conditions of their environment.
Or, perhaps you're a future physician seeking to understand the connection between your patients' health and their environment.
Humans are a part of the ecological landscape, and human health is one important part of human interaction with our physical and living environment.
Humans are a part of the ecological landscape.
human health is one important part of human interaction with our physical and living environment.
Deer ticks are the primary vectors for this disease.
However, not all ticks carry the pathogen, and not all deer ticks carry the bacteria that will cause Lyme disease in humans.
However, not all ticks carry the pathogen.
not all deer ticks carry the bacteria that will cause Lyme disease in humans.
Also, the ticks I. scapularis and pacificus can have other hosts besides deer.
Ecology is the study of the interactions of living organisms with their environment.
One core goal of ecology is to understand the distribution and abundance of living things in the physical environment.
Attainment of this goal requires the integration of scientific disciplines inside and outside of biology, such as mathematics, statistics, biochemistry, molecular biology, physiology, evolution, biodiversity, geology, and climatology.
Attainment of this goal requires the integration of scientific disciplines inside and outside of biology, such as mathematics, statistics, biochemistry, molecular biology, physiology, evolution, biodiversity, geology.
LINK TO LEARNING Climate change can alter where organisms live, which can sometimes directly affect human health.
Levels of Ecological Study When a discipline such as biology is studied, it is often helpful to subdivide it into smaller, related areas.
For instance, cell biologists interested in cell signaling need to understand the chemistry of the signal molecules as well as the result of cell signaling.
Ecologists interested in the factors that influence the survival of an endangered species might use mathematical models to predict how current conservation efforts affect endangered organisms.
Within the discipline of ecology, researchers work at four general levels, which sometimes overlap.
Organismal Ecology Researchers studying ecology at the organismal level are interested in the adaptations that enable individuals to live in specific habitats.
These adaptations can be morphological, physiological, and behavioral.
These adaptations can be morphological, physiological.
This specific requirement and adaptation means that the Karner blue butterfly is completely dependent on the presence of wild lupine plants for its survival.
The Karner blue butterfly is a rare butterfly that lives only in open areas with few trees or shrubs, such as pine barrens and oak savannas.
It can only lay its eggs on lupine plants.
The caterpillars pupate as a chrysalis to undergo the final stage of metamorphosis and emerge as butterflies after about four weeks.
The wild lupine is the only known host plant for the Karner blue butterfly.
Population Ecology A population is a group of interbreeding organisms that are members of the same species living in the same area at the same time.
A population is identified, in part, by where it lives, and its area of population may have natural or artificial boundaries.
A population is identified, in part, by where it lives.
its area of population may have natural or artificial boundaries.
Natural boundaries might be rivers, mountains, or deserts, while artificial boundaries may be mowed grass, manmade structures, or roads.
Natural boundaries might be rivers, mountains.
Natural boundaries might be rivers, mountains, or deserts.
The study of population ecology focuses on the number of individuals in an area and how and why population size changes over time.
For example, population ecologists are particularly interested in counting the Karner blue butterfly because it is classified as a federally endangered species.
However, the distribution and density of this species is highly influenced by the distribution and abundance of wild lupine, and the biophysical environment around it.
However, the distribution and density of this species is highly influenced by the distribution and abundance of wild lupine.
Researchers might ask questions about the factors leading to the decline of wild lupine and how these affect Karner blue butterflies.
For example, ecologists know that wild lupine thrives in open areas where trees and shrubs are largely absent.
In natural settings, intermittent wildfires regularly remove trees and shrubs, helping to maintain the open areas that wild lupine requires.
Mathematical models can be used to understand how wildfire suppression by humans has led to the decline of this important plant for the Karner blue butterfly.
Community Ecology A biological community consists of the different species within an area, typically a three-dimensional space, and the interactions within and among these species.
Community Ecology A biological community consists of the different species within an area, typically a three-dimensional space.
Community ecologists are interested in the processes driving these interactions and their consequences.
Questions about conspecific interactions often focus on competition among members of the same species for a limited resource.
Ecologists also study interactions between various species; members of different species are called heterospecifics.
Ecologists also study interactions between various species.
Examples of heterospecific interactions include predation, parasitism, herbivory, competition, and pollination.
Examples of heterospecific interactions include predation, parasitism, herbivory, competition.
These interactions can have regulating effects on population sizes and can impact ecological and evolutionary processes affecting diversity.
Mutualism is a form of long-term relationship that has coevolved between two species and from which each species benefits.
For mutualism to exist between individual organisms, each species must receive some benefit from the other as a consequence of the relationship.
Both the Karner blue larvae and the ants benefit from their interaction, although the species of attendant ants may be partially opportunistic and vary over the range of the butterfly.
Ecosystem Ecology Ecosystem ecology is an extension of organismal, population, and community ecology.
Ecosystem Ecology Ecosystem ecology is an extension of organismal, population.
The ecosystem is composed of all the biotic components in an area along with the abiotic components of that area.
Some of the abiotic components include air, water, and soil.
Some of the abiotic components include air, water.
Ecosystem biologists ask questions about how nutrients and energy are stored and how they move among organisms and through the surrounding atmosphere, soil, and water.
Ecosystem biologists ask questions about how nutrients and energy are stored and how they move among organisms and through the surrounding atmosphere, soil.
The Karner blue butterflies and the wild lupine live in an oak-pine barren habitat.
This habitat is characterized by natural disturbance and nutrient-poor soils that are low in nitrogen.
The availability of nutrients is an important factor in the distribution of the plants that live in this habitat.
Ecologist A career in ecology contributes to many facets of human society.
Understanding ecological issues can help society meet the basic human needs of food, shelter, and health care.
Understanding ecological issues can help society meet the basic human needs of food, shelter.
timber stands for paper production.
Ecologists also work as educators who teach children and adults at various institutions including universities, high schools, museums, and nature centers.
Ecologists also work as educators who teach children and adults at various institutions including universities, high schools, museums.
Ecologists may also work in advisory positions assisting local, state, and federal policymakers to develop laws that are ecologically sound, or they may develop those policies and legislation themselves.
Ecologists may also work in advisory positions assisting local, state.
federal policymakers to develop laws that are ecologically sound, or they may develop those policies and legislation themselves.
Ecologists may also work in advisory positions assisting local, state, and federal policymakers to develop laws that are ecologically sound.
they may develop those policies and legislation themselves.
The undergraduate degree is often followed by specialized training or an advanced degree, depending on the area of ecology selected.
Ecologists should also have a broad background in the physical sciences, as well as a solid foundation in mathematics and statistics.
This landscape ecologist is releasing a black-footed ferret into its native habitat as part of a study.
Many forces influence the communities of living organisms present in different parts of the biosphere.
The biosphere extends into the atmosphere and into the depths of the oceans.
The abiotic factors influence the distribution of biomes: large areas of land with similar climate, flora, and fauna.
The abiotic factors influence the distribution of biomes: large areas of land with similar climate, flora.
Biogeography Biogeography is the study of the geographic distribution of living things and the abiotic factors that affect their distribution.
As these abiotic factors change, the composition of plant and animal communities also changes.
For example, if you were to begin a journey at the equator and walk north, you would notice gradual changes in plant communities.
At the beginning of your journey, you would see tropical wet forests with broad-leaved evergreen trees, which are characteristic of plant communities found near the equator.
As you continued to travel north, you would see these broad-leaved evergreen plants eventually give rise to seasonally dry forests with scattered trees.
You would also begin to notice changes in temperature and moisture.
At about 30 degrees north, these forests would give way to deserts, which are characterized by low precipitation and high insolation.
Moving farther north, you would see that deserts are replaced by grasslands or prairies.
Eventually, grasslands are replaced by deciduous temperate forests.
These deciduous forests give way to the boreal forests and taiga found in the subarctic, the area south of the Arctic Circle.
Finally, you would reach the Arctic tundra, which is found at the most northern latitudes.
This trek north reveals gradual changes in both climate and the types of organisms that have adapted to environmental factors associated with ecosystems found at different latitudes.
However, different ecosystems exist at the same latitude due in part to abiotic factors such as jet streams, the Gulf Stream, and ocean currents.
However, different ecosystems exist at the same latitude due in part to abiotic factors such as jet streams, the Gulf Stream.
If you were to hike up a mountain, the changes you would see in the vegetation would parallel in many ways those as you move to higher latitudes.
No species exists everywhere; for example, the Venus flytrap is endemic to a small area in North and South Carolina.
No species exists everywhere.
for example, the Venus flytrap is endemic to a small area in North and South Carolina.
An endemic species is one which is naturally found only in a specific geographic area that is usually restricted in size.
Some of the most distinctive assemblages of plants and animals occur in regions that have been physically separated for millions of years by geographic barriers.
Biologists estimate that Australia, for example, has between 600,000 and 700,000 species of plants and animals.
The wallaby, a medium-sized member of the kangaroo family, is a pouched mammal, or marsupial.
The wallaby, a medium-sized member of the kangaroo family, is a pouched mammal.
The echidna is an egg-laying mammal.
Sometimes ecologists discover unique patterns of species distribution by determining where species are not found.
Like animals, plants can be endemic or generalists: endemic plants are found only on specific regions of the Earth, while generalists are found on many regions.
Like animals, plants can be endemic or generalists: endemic plants are found only on specific regions of the Earth.
generalists are found on many regions.
Isolated land masses—such as Australia, Hawaii, and Madagascar—often have large numbers of endemic plant species.
Madagascar—often have large numbers of endemic plant species.
Some of these plants are endangered due to human activity.
It is found only in five of the Hawaiian Islands in small populations consisting of a few individual specimens.
Energy Sources Energy from the sun is captured by green plants, algae, cyanobacteria, and photosynthetic protists.
Energy Sources Energy from the sun is captured by green plants, algae, cyanobacteria.
These organisms convert solar energy into the chemical energy needed by all living things.
For instance, plants in the understory of a temperate forest are shaded when the trees above them in the canopy completely leaf out in the late spring.
Not surprisingly, understory plants have adaptations to successfully capture available light that passes through the canopy.
These spring flowers achieve much of their growth and finish their life cycle early in the season before the trees in the canopy develop leaves.
In aquatic ecosystems, the availability of light may be limited because sunlight is absorbed by water, plants, suspended particles, and resident microorganisms.
In aquatic ecosystems, the availability of light may be limited because sunlight is absorbed by water, plants, suspended particles.
Photosynthesis cannot take place there and, as a result, a number of adaptations have evolved that enable living things to survive without light.
For instance, aquatic plants have photosynthetic tissue near the surface of the water.
You can think of the broad, floating leaves of a water lily—water lilies cannot survive without light.
In environments such as hydrothermal vents, some bacteria extract energy from inorganic chemicals because there is no light for photosynthesis.
The availability of nutrients in aquatic systems such as oceans is also an important aspect of energy or photosynthesis.
As wind pushes offshore, it causes water from the ocean bottom to move to the surface, bringing up nutrients from the ocean depths.
In freshwater systems, such as lakes, the recycling of nutrients occurs in response to air temperature and wind changes.
The nutrients at the bottom of lakes are recycled twice each year: in the spring and fall turnover.
These turnovers are caused by the formation of a thermocline: layers of water with temperatures that are significantly different from those above and below it.
In wintertime, the surface of lakes found in many northern regions is frozen.
Water is densest at about 4 °C; therefore, the deepest water is also the densest.
Water is densest at about 4 °C.
therefore, the deepest water is also the densest.
The spring and fall turnovers are important processes in freshwater lakes that act to move the nutrients and oxygen at the bottom of deep lakes to the top.
In springtime, air temperatures increase and surface ice melts.
When the temperature of the surface water begins to approach 4 °C, the water becomes heavier and sinks to the bottom.
The water at the bottom of the lake is then displaced by the heavier and denser surface water and, thus, rises to the top.
As that water rises to the top, the sediments and nutrients from the lake bottom are brought along with it.
During the winter, the oxygen at the bottom of the lake is used by decomposers and other organisms requiring oxygen, such as fish.
Temperature Temperature affects the physiology of organisms as well as the density and state of water.
It is also rare for living things to survive at temperatures exceeding 45 °C; this is a reflection of evolutionary response to typical temperatures near the Earth's surface.
It is also rare for living things to survive at temperatures exceeding 45 °C.
this is a reflection of evolutionary response to typical temperatures near the Earth's surface.
Enzymes are most efficient within a narrow and specific range of temperatures; enzyme degradation can occur at higher temperatures.
Enzymes are most efficient within a narrow and specific range of temperatures.
enzyme degradation can occur at higher temperatures.
Therefore, organisms either must maintain an internal temperature or they must inhabit an environment that will keep the body within a temperature range that supports metabolism.
Some animals have adapted to enable their bodies to survive significant temperature fluctuations, such as seen in hibernation or reptilian torpor.
Similarly, some Archaea bacteria have evolved to tolerate extremely hot temperatures such as those found in the geysers within Yellowstone National Park.
Such bacteria are examples of extremophiles: organisms that thrive in extreme environments.
The temperature can limit the distribution of living things.
Animals faced with temperature fluctuations may respond with adaptations, such as migration, in order to survive.
Migration, the regular movement from one place to another, is an adaptation found in many animals, including many that inhabit seasonally cold climates.
Migration solves problems related to temperature, locating food, and finding a mate.
Migration solves problems related to temperature, locating food.
Some species of mammals also make migratory forays.
Reindeer travel about 5,000 km each year to find food.
Amphibians and reptiles are more limited in their distribution because they generally lack migratory ability.
Not all animals that could migrate do so: migration carries risk and comes at a high-energy cost.
Hibernation enables animals to survive cold conditions, and estivation allows animals to survive the hostile conditions of a hot, dry climate.
Hibernation enables animals to survive cold conditions.
estivation allows animals to survive the hostile conditions of a hot, dry climate.
This enables the animal to wait until its environment better supports its survival.
Some amphibians, such as the wood frog, have an antifreeze-like chemical in their cells, which retains the cells' integrity and prevents them from freezing and bursting.
Water Water is required by all living things because it is critical for cellular processes.
Since terrestrial organisms lose water to the environment, they have evolved many adaptations to retain water.
Freshwater organisms are surrounded by water and are constantly in danger of having water rush into their cells because of osmosis.
One such adaptation is the excretion of dilute urine.
• Marine organisms are surrounded by water with a higher solute concentration than the organism and, thus, are in danger of losing water to the environment because of osmosis.
These organisms have morphological and physiological adaptations to retain water and release solutes into the environment.
Inorganic Nutrients and Soil Inorganic nutrients, such as nitrogen and phosphorus, are important in determining the distribution and the abundance of living things.
Plants obtain these inorganic nutrients from the soil when water moves into the plant through the roots.
Therefore, soil structure, soil pH, and soil nutrient content together all play an important role in the distribution of plants.
soil nutrient content together all play an important role in the distribution of plants.
Animals obtain inorganic nutrients from the food they consume.
Therefore, animal distributions are related to the distribution of what they eat.
In some cases, animals will follow their food resource as it moves through the environment.
Other Aquatic Factors Some abiotic factors, such as oxygen, are important in aquatic ecosystems as well as terrestrial environments.
Terrestrial animals obtain oxygen from the air they breathe.
Oxygen availability can be an issue for organisms living at very high elevations, however, where there are fewer molecules of oxygen in the air.
In aquatic systems, the concentration of dissolved oxygen is related to water temperature and the speed at which the water moves.
Cold water has more dissolved oxygen than warmer water.
In addition, salinity, currents, and tidal changes can be important abiotic factors in aquatic ecosystems.
tidal changes can be important abiotic factors in aquatic ecosystems.
Other Terrestrial Factors Wind can be an important abiotic factor because it influences the rate of evaporation, transpiration, and convective heat loss from the surface of all organisms.
Other Terrestrial Factors Wind can be an important abiotic factor because it influences the rate of evaporation, transpiration.
The physical force of wind is also important because it can move soil, water, or other abiotic factors, as well as an ecosystem's organisms.
The physical force of wind is also important because it can move soil, water.
Fire is another terrestrial factor that can be an important agent of disturbance in terrestrial ecosystems.
Some organisms are adapted to fire and, thus, require the high heat associated with fire to complete a part of their life cycle.
Through the burning of pine needles, fire adds nitrogen to the soil and limits competition by destroying undergrowth.
A fire is likely to kill most vegetation, so a seedling that germinates after a fire is more likely to receive ample sunlight than one that germinates under normal conditions.
Abiotic Factors Influencing Plant Growth Temperature and moisture are important influences on plant production and the amount of organic matter available as food.
Net primary productivity is an important variable when considering differences in biomes.
Very productive biomes have a high level of aboveground biomass.
Annual biomass production is directly related to the abiotic components of the environment.
The climate of these areas is warm and wet.
The above-ground biomass produces several important resources for other living things, including habitat and food.
Conversely, dry and cold environments have lower photosynthetic rates and therefore less biomass.
The animal communities living there will also be affected by the decrease in available food.
The Earth's biomes are categorized into two major groups: terrestrial and aquatic.
Terrestrial biomes are based on land, while aquatic biomes include both ocean and freshwater biomes.
Terrestrial biomes are based on land.
aquatic biomes include both ocean and freshwater biomes.
The eight major terrestrial biomes on Earth are each distinguished by characteristic temperatures and amount of precipitation.
Temperature variation on a daily and seasonal basis is also important for predicting the geographic distribution of the biome and the vegetation type in the biome.
Each of the world's major biomes is distinguished by characteristic temperatures and amounts of precipitation.
Polar ice and mountains are also shown.
a. Chaparral is dominated by shrubs.
b. Savannas and temperate grasslands are dominated by grasses.
c. Boreal forests are dominated by deciduous trees.
d. Lichens are common in the arctic tundra.
Tropical Wet Forest Tropical wet forests are also referred to as tropical rainforests.
The vegetation is characterized by plants with broad leaves that fall and are replaced throughout the year.
When one compares the annual temperature variation of tropical wet forests with that of other forest biomes, the lack of seasonal temperature variation in the tropical wet forest becomes apparent.
This lack of seasonality leads to year-round plant growth, rather than the seasonal growth seen in other more temperate biomes.
In contrast to other ecosystems, tropical ecosystems do not have long days and short days during the yearly cycle.
Instead, a constant daily amount of direct overhead sunlight provides more solar radiation, thereby, increased plant growth.
The annual rainfall in tropical wet forests ranges from 125 cm to 660 cm with some monthly variation.
While sunlight and temperature remain fairly consistent, annual rainfall is highly variable.
However, the driest month of a tropical wet forest still exceeds the annual rainfall of some other biomes, such as deserts.
Tropical wet forests have high net primary productivity because the annual temperatures and precipitation values in these areas are ideal for plant growth.
One way to visualize this is to compare the distinctive horizontal layers within the tropical wet forest biome.
A layer of trees rises above this understory and is topped by a closed upper canopy—the uppermost overhead layer of branches and leaves.
Some additional trees emerge through this closed upper canopy.
These layers provide diverse and complex habitats for the variety of plants, fungi, animals, and other organisms within the tropical wet forests.
These layers provide diverse and complex habitats for the variety of plants, fungi, animals.
For example, epiphytes are plants that grow on other plants, which typically are not harmed.
Epiphytes are found throughout tropical wet forest biomes.
Many species of animals use the variety of plants and the complex structure of the tropical wet forests for food and shelter.
Some organisms live several meters above ground and have adapted to this arboreal lifestyle.
Savannas are usually hot, tropical areas with temperatures averaging from 24 °C to 29 °C and an annual rainfall of 10–40 cm.
Savannas have an extensive dry season; for this reason, forest trees do not grow as well as they do in the tropical wet forest.
Savannas have an extensive dry season.
for this reason, forest trees do not grow as well as they do in the tropical wet forest.
Since fire is an important source of disturbance in this biome, plants have evolved well-developed root systems that allow them to quickly resprout after a fire.
This biome is very dry; in some years, evaporation exceeds precipitation.
This biome is very dry.
in some years, evaporation exceeds precipitation.
Subtropical hot deserts can have daytime soil surface temperatures above 60 °C and nighttime temperatures approaching 0 °C.
This is largely due to the lack of atmospheric water.
Subtropical deserts are characterized by low annual precipitation of fewer than 30 cm with little monthly variation and lack of predictability in rainfall.
In some cases, the annual rainfall can be as low as 2 cm in subtropical deserts located in central Australia and northern Africa.
The vegetation and low animal diversity of this biome is closely related to low and unpredictable precipitation.
Seed plants in the desert produce seeds that can be in dormancy for extended periods between rains.
Adaptations in desert animals include nocturnal behavior and burrowing.
To reduce water loss, many desert plants have tiny leaves or no leaves at all.
The leaves of ocotillo, shown here in the Sonora Desert near Gila Bend, Arizona, appear only after rainfall, and then are shed.
The leaves of ocotillo, shown here in the Sonora Desert near Gila Bend, Arizona, appear only after rainfall.
The annual rainfall in this biome ranges from 65 cm to 75 cm, and the majority of the rain falls in the winter.
The annual rainfall in this biome ranges from 65 cm to 75 cm.
the majority of the rain falls in the winter.
Summers are very dry and many chaparral plants are dormant during the summertime.
The ashes left behind after a fire are rich in nutrients like nitrogen that fertilize the soil and promote plant regrowth.
The chaparral is dominated by shrubs.
Temperate grasslands have pronounced annual fluctuations in temperature with hot summers and cold winters.
Plant growth is possible when temperatures are warm enough to sustain plant growth and when ample water is available, which occurs in the spring, summer, and fall.
Plant growth is possible when temperatures are warm enough to sustain plant growth and when ample water is available, which occurs in the spring, summer.
During much of the winter, temperatures are low, and water, which is stored in the form of ice, is not available for plant growth.
During much of the winter, temperatures are low.
water, which is stored in the form of ice, is not available for plant growth.
Annual precipitation ranges from 25 cm to 75 cm.
The vegetation is very dense and the soils are fertile because the subsurface of the soil is packed with the roots and rhizomes of these grasses.
The American bison, more commonly called the buffalo, is a grazing mammal that once populated American prairies in huge numbers.
Fires, mainly caused by lightning, are a natural disturbance in temperate grasslands.
When fire is suppressed in temperate grasslands, the vegetation eventually converts to scrub and sometimes dense forests with drought- tolerant tree species.
Often, the restoration or management of temperate grasslands requires the use of controlled burns to suppress the growth of trees and maintain the grasses.
This biome is found throughout mid-latitude regions.
Temperatures range between -30 °C and 30 °C and drop to below freezing periodically during cold winters.
These temperatures mean that temperate forests have defined growing seasons during the spring, summer, and early fall.
These temperatures mean that temperate forests have defined growing seasons during the spring, summer.
Precipitation is relatively constant throughout the year and ranges between 75 cm and 150 cm.
Deciduous trees lose their leaves each fall and remain leafless in the winter.
Thus, no photosynthesis occurs in the deciduous trees during the dormant winter period.
Because of the dormant period, the net primary productivity of temperate forests is less than that of tropical wet forests.
In addition, temperate forests show less diversity of tree species than tropical wet forest biomes.
The soils of the temperate forests are rich in inorganic and organic nutrients.
This is due to the thick layer of leaf litter on forest floors, which does not develop in tropical rainforests.
As this leaf litter decays, nutrients are returned to the soil.
This biome has cold, dry winters and short, cool, wet summers.
The annual precipitation is from 40 cm to 100 cm and usually takes the form of snow.
Little evaporation occurs because of the cold temperatures.
The long and cold winters in the boreal forest have led to the predominance of cold-tolerant cone-bearing plants.
These are evergreen coniferous trees like pines, spruce, and fir, which retain their needle- shaped leaves year-round.
These are evergreen coniferous trees like pines, spruce.
Evergreen trees can photosynthesize earlier in the spring than deciduous trees because less energy from the sun is required to warm a needle-like leaf than a broad leaf.
In addition, soils in boreal forest regions tend to be acidic with little available nitrogen.
Leaves are a nitrogen-rich structure and deciduous trees must produce a new set of these nitrogen-rich structures each year.
Therefore, coniferous trees that retain nitrogen-rich needles may have a competitive advantage over the broad-leafed deciduous trees.
The net primary productivity of boreal forests is lower than that of temperate forests and tropical wet forests.
The above-ground biomass of boreal forests is high because these slow-growing tree species are long-lived and accumulate a large standing biomass over time.
Plant species diversity is less than that seen in temperate forests and tropical wet forests.
Boreal forests lack the pronounced elements of the layered forest structure seen in tropical wet forests.
When conifer needles are dropped, they decompose more slowly than broad leaves; therefore, fewer nutrients are returned to the soil to fuel plant growth.
When conifer needles are dropped, they decompose more slowly than broad leaves.
therefore, fewer nutrients are returned to the soil to fuel plant growth.
The boreal forest has low lying plants and conifer trees.
The average winter temperature is –34 °C and the average summer temperature is from 3 °C to 12 °C.
Plants in the arctic tundra have a very short growing season of approximately 10–12 weeks.
The annual precipitation of the Arctic tundra is very low with little annual variation in precipitation.
The soils of the Arctic tundra may remain in a perennially frozen state referred to as permafrost.
During the growing season, the ground of the Arctic tundra can be completely covered with plants or lichens.
Abiotic Factors Influencing Aquatic Biomes Like terrestrial biomes, aquatic biomes are influenced by a series of abiotic factors.
The aquatic medium—water— has different physical and chemical properties than air, however.
The importance of light in aquatic biomes is central to the communities of organisms found in both freshwater and marine ecosystems.
In freshwater systems, stratification due to differences in density is perhaps the most critical abiotic factor and is related to the energy aspects of light.
Marine systems are also influenced by large-scale physical water movements, such as currents; these are less important in most freshwater lakes.
Marine systems are also influenced by large-scale physical water movements, such as currents.
these are less important in most freshwater lakes.
All of the ocean's open water is referred to as the pelagic realm.
The benthic realm extends along the ocean bottom from the shoreline to the deepest parts of the ocean floor.
At depths greater than 200 m, light cannot penetrate; thus, this is referred to as the aphotic zone.
At depths greater than 200 m, light cannot penetrate.
thus, this is referred to as the aphotic zone.
The majority of the ocean is aphotic and lacks sufficient light for photosynthesis.
The deepest part of the ocean, the Challenger Deep, is about 11,000 m deep.
To give some perspective on the depth of this trench, the ocean is, on average, 4267 m or 14,000 ft deep.
These realms and zones are relevant to freshwater lakes as well.
The ocean is divided into different zones based on water depth and distance from the shoreline.
The ocean is the largest marine biome.
It is a continuous body of salt water that is relatively uniform in chemical composition; in fact, it is a weak solution of mineral salts and decayed biological matter.
It is a continuous body of salt water that is relatively uniform in chemical composition.
in fact, it is a weak solution of mineral salts and decayed biological matter.
Within the ocean, coral reefs are a second kind of marine biome.
Ocean The physical diversity of the ocean is a significant influence on plants, animals, and other organisms.
Ocean The physical diversity of the ocean is a significant influence on plants, animals.
The ocean is categorized into different zones based on how far light reaches into the water.
Each zone has a distinct group of species adapted to the biotic and abiotic conditions particular to that zone.
Generally, most people think of this portion of the ocean as a sandy beach.
In some cases, the intertidal zone is indeed a sandy beach, but it can also be rocky or muddy.
The intertidal zone is an extremely variable environment because of action of tidal ebb and flow.
Organisms are exposed to air and sunlight at low tide and are underwater most of the time, especially during high tide.
The exoskeletons of shoreline crustaceans are tough and protect them from desiccation and wave damage.
Another consequence of the pounding waves is that few algae and plants establish themselves in the constantly moving rocks, sand, or mud.
Another consequence of the pounding waves is that few algae and plants establish themselves in the constantly moving rocks, sand.
Since light can penetrate this depth, photosynthesis can still occur in the neritic zone.
The water here contains silt and is well-oxygenated, low in pressure, and stable in temperature.
The water here contains silt and is well-oxygenated, low in pressure.
Phytoplankton and floating Sargassum provide a habitat for some sea life found in the neritic zone.
shrimp are found in the neritic zone and are the base of the food chain for most of the world's fisheries.
Nutrients are scarce and this is a relatively less productive part of the marine biome.
When photosynthetic organisms and the protists and animals that feed on them die, their bodies fall to the bottom of the ocean, where they remain.
The bottom of the benthic realm is composed of sand, silt, and dead organisms.
The bottom of the benthic realm is composed of sand, silt.
This is a nutrient-rich portion of the ocean because of the dead organisms that fall from the upper layers of the ocean.
The deepest part of the ocean is the abyssal zone, which is at depths of 4000 m or greater.
Hydrothermal vents are found primarily in the abyssal zone; chemosynthetic bacteria utilize the hydrogen sulfide and other minerals emitted from the vents to produce biomass.
Hydrothermal vents are found primarily in the abyssal zone.
chemosynthetic bacteria utilize the hydrogen sulfide and other minerals emitted from the vents to produce biomass.
These chemosynthetic bacteria use various molecules as an energy source and serve as the base of the food chain found in the abyssal zone.
Coral Reefs Coral reefs are ocean ridges formed by marine invertebrates, comprising mostly cnidarians and mollusks, living in warm shallow waters within the photic zone of the ocean.
They are found within 30˚ north and south of the equator.
This massive and ancient reef is located several miles off the northeastern coast of Australia.
Other coral reef systems are fringing islands, which are directly adjacent to land, or atolls, which are circular reef systems surrounding a former landmass that is now underwater.
Other coral reef systems are fringing islands, which are directly adjacent to land.
The coral organisms are colonies of saltwater polyps that secrete a calcium carbonate skeleton.
Corals found in shallower waters have a mutualistic relationship with photosynthetic unicellular algae.
The relationship provides corals with the majority of the nutrition and the energy they require.
The waters in which these corals live are nutritionally poor and, without this mutualism, it would not be possible for large corals to grow.
It is estimated that more than 4,000 fish species inhabit coral reefs.
These fishes can feed on coral, the cryptofauna, or the seaweed and algae that are associated with the coral.
These fishes can feed on coral, the cryptofauna.
Global Decline of Coral Reefs It takes many thousands of years to build a coral reef.
The animals that create coral reefs have evolved over millions of years, continuing to slowly deposit the calcium carbonate that forms their characteristic ocean homes.
Together, climate change and human activity pose dual threats to the long-term survival of the world's coral reefs.
The excessive warmth causes the reefs to lose their symbiotic, food-producing algae, resulting in a phenomenon known as bleaching.
When bleaching occurs, the reefs lose much of their characteristic color as the algae and the coral animals die if loss of the symbiotic zooxanthellae is prolonged.
Rising levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide further threaten the corals in other ways; as CO2 dissolves in ocean waters, it lowers the pH and increases ocean acidity.
Rising levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide further threaten the corals in other ways.
as CO2 dissolves in ocean waters, it lowers the pH and increases ocean acidity.
As acidity increases, it interferes with the calcification that normally occurs when coral animals build their calcium carbonate shelters.
When a coral reef begins to die, species diversity plummets as animals lose food and shelter.
Coral reefs are also economically important tourist destinations, so the decline of coral reefs poses a serious threat to coastal economies.
Human population growth has damaged corals in other ways, too.
As human coastal populations increase, the runoff of sediment and agricultural chemicals has increased, as well, causing some of the once-clear tropical waters to become cloudy.
Although a rise in global temperatures of 1–2 ˚C in the coming decades may not seem large, it is very significant to this biome.
When change occurs rapidly, species can become extinct before evolution can offer new adaptations.
Estuaries: Where the Ocean Meets Fresh Water Estuaries are biomes that occur where a source of fresh water, such as a river, meets the ocean.
Therefore, both fresh water and salt water are found in the same vicinity; mixing results in a diluted saltwater.
Therefore, both fresh water and salt water are found in the same vicinity.
Estuaries form protected areas where many of the young offspring of crustaceans, mollusks, and fish begin their lives, which also creates important breeding grounds for other animals.
Estuaries form protected areas where many of the young offspring of crustaceans, mollusks.
fish begin their lives, which also creates important breeding grounds for other animals.
Salinity is a very important factor that influences the organisms and the adaptations of the organisms found in estuaries.
The salinity of estuaries varies considerably and is based on the rate of flow of its freshwater sources, which may depend on the seasonal rainfall.
Once or twice a day, high tides bring salt water into the estuary.
Low tides occurring at the same frequency reverse the current of salt water.
The short-term and rapid variation in salinity due to the mixing of fresh water and salt water is a difficult physiological challenge for the plants and animals that inhabit estuaries.
Many estuarine plant species are halophytes: plants that can tolerate salty conditions.
Halophytic plants are adapted to deal with the salinity resulting from saltwater on their roots or from sea spray.
In some halophytes, filters in the roots remove the salt from the water that the plant absorbs.
Other plants are able to pump oxygen into their roots.
Animals, such as mussels and clams, have developed behavioral adaptations that expend a lot of energy to function in this rapidly changing environment.
When high tide returns to the estuary, the salinity and oxygen content of the water increases, and these animals open their shells, begin feeding, and return to aerobic respiration.
When high tide returns to the estuary, the salinity and oxygen content of the water increases.
these animals open their shells, begin feeding.
Freshwater Biomes Freshwater biomes include lakes and ponds as well as rivers and streams.
They also include wetlands, which will be discussed later.
Humans rely on freshwater biomes to provide ecosystem benefits, which are aquatic resources for drinking water, crop irrigation, sanitation, and industry.
Humans rely on freshwater biomes to provide ecosystem benefits, which are aquatic resources for drinking water, crop irrigation, sanitation.
Lakes and ponds are connected with abiotic and biotic factors influencing their terrestrial biomes.
Lakes and Ponds Lakes and ponds can range in area from a few square meters to thousands of square kilometers.
Temperature is an important abiotic factor affecting living things found in lakes and ponds.
Light can penetrate within the photic zone of the lake or pond.
Phytoplankton are found here and carry out photosynthesis, providing the base of the food web of lakes and ponds.
Zooplankton, such as rotifers and larvae and adult crustaceans, consume these phytoplankton.
At the bottom of lakes and ponds, bacteria in the aphotic zone break down dead organisms that sink to the bottom.
Nitrogen and phosphorus are important limiting nutrients in lakes and ponds.
Because of this, they are the determining factors in the amount of phytoplankton growth that takes place in lakes and ponds.
They may also release toxic byproducts into the water, contaminating any drinking water taken from that source.
In addition, the lake or pond becomes aphotic, and photosynthetic plants cannot survive.
In addition, the lake or pond becomes aphotic.
Fishes and other organisms that require oxygen are then more likely to die, resulting in a dead zone.
Lake Erie and the Gulf of Mexico represent freshwater and marine habitats where phosphorus control and storm water runoff pose significant environmental challenges.
The uncontrolled growth of algae in this lake has resulted in an algal bloom.
Rivers and Streams Rivers and streams are continuously moving bodies of water that carry large amounts of water from the source, or headwater, to a lake or ocean.
Rivers and Streams Rivers and streams are continuously moving bodies of water that carry large amounts of water from the source.
The largest rivers include the Nile River in Africa, the Amazon River in South America, and the Mississippi River in North America.
The largest rivers include the Nile River in Africa, the Amazon River in South America.
Abiotic features of rivers and streams vary along the length of the river or stream.
Streams begin at a point of origin referred to as source water.
The source water is usually cold, low in nutrients, and clear.
The source water is usually cold, low in nutrients.
The channel is narrower than at any other place along the length of the river or stream.
Because of this, the current is often faster here than at any other point of the river or stream.
The fast-moving water results in minimal silt accumulation at the bottom of the river or stream; therefore, the water is usually clear and free of debris.
therefore, the water is usually clear and free of debris.
Photosynthesis here is mostly attributed to algae that are growing on rocks.
When the leaves decompose, the organic material and nutrients in the leaves are returned to the water.
Plants and animals have adapted to this fast-moving water.
For instance, some species of mayfly have flattened bodies and legs with modified claws to help them cling to the underside of submerged rocks.
This body form reduces drag and allows these species to benefit from the high oxygen concentrations in fast- moving currents without being dislodged.
Freshwater trout species are an important predator in these fast-moving rivers and streams.
As the river or stream flows away from the source, the width of the channel gradually widens and the current slows.
This slow-moving water, caused by the gradient decrease and the volume increase as tributaries unite, has more sedimentation.
Phytoplankton can also be suspended in slow-moving water.
Therefore, the water will not be as clear as it is near the source.
The water is also warmer.
The higher order predator vertebrates include waterfowl, frogs, and fishes.
The higher order predator vertebrates include waterfowl, frogs.
Instead, they are more likely to use taste or chemical cues to find prey.
Wetlands Wetlands are environments in which the soil is either permanently or periodically saturated with water.
Wetlands are different from lakes because wetlands are shallow bodies of water whereas lakes vary in depth.
Emergent vegetation consists of wetland plants that are rooted in the soil but have portions of leaves, stems, and flowers extending above the water's surface.
The three shared characteristics among these types—what makes them wetlands—are their hydrology, hydrophytic vegetation, and hydric soils.
The three shared characteristics among these types—what makes them wetlands—are their hydrology, hydrophytic vegetation.
Freshwater marshes and swamps are characterized by slow and steady water flow.
Bogs, however, develop in depressions where water flow is low or nonexistent.
Bogs usually occur in areas where there is a clay bottom with poor percolation of water.
The water found in a bog is stagnant and oxygen-depleted because the oxygen used during the decomposition of organic matter is not readily replaced.
This leads to a buildup of acids and a lower water pH.
The lower pH creates challenges for plants because it limits the available nitrogen.
As a result, some bog plants capture insects in order to extract the nitrogen from their bodies.
Bogs have low net primary productivity because the water found in bogs has low levels of nitrogen and oxygen.
All biomes are universally affected by global conditions, such as climate, that ultimately shape each biome's environment.
Scientists who study climate have noted a series of marked changes that have gradually become increasingly evident during the last sixty years.
However, a cold week in June is a weather-related event and not a climate-related one.
These misconceptions often arise because of confusion over the terms climate and weather.
Climate refers to the long-term, predictable atmospheric conditions of a specific area.
The climate of a biome is characterized by having consistent seasonal temperature and rainfall ranges.
Climate does not address the amount of rain that fell on one particular day in a biome or the colder-than-average temperatures that occurred on one day.
In contrast, weather refers to the conditions of the atmosphere during a short period of time.
Weather forecasts are usually made for 48-hour cycles.
Long-range weather forecasts are available but can be unreliable.
It is helpful to keep these three different aspects of climate change clearly separated when consuming media reports about global climate change.
Evidence for Global Climate Change Since scientists cannot go back in time to directly measure climatic variables, such as average temperature and precipitation, they must instead indirectly measure temperature.
To do this, scientists rely on historical evidence of Earth's past climate.
Antarctic ice cores are a key example of such evidence for climate change.
These ice cores are samples of polar ice obtained by means of drills that reach thousands of meters into ice sheets or high mountain glaciers.
The 0 °C on this graph refers to the long-term average.
Temperatures that are greater than 0 °C exceed Earth's long-term average temperature.
Conversely, temperatures that are less than 0 °C are less than Earth's average temperature.
This figure shows that there have been periodic cycles of increasing and decreasing temperature.
Before the late 1800s, the Earth has been as much as 9 °C cooler and about 3 °C warmer.
Temperatures relative to modern day were determined from the amount of deuterium present.
Two significant temperature anomalies, or irregularities, have occurred in the last 2,000 years.
irregularities, have occurred in the last 2,000 years.
These are the Medieval Climate Anomaly and the Little Ice Age.
The Medieval Climate Anomaly occurred between 900 and 1300 AD.
Although 0.10 °C does not seem large enough to produce any noticeable change, it did free seas of ice.
Because of this warming, the Vikings were able to colonize Greenland.
The Little Ice Age was a cold period that occurred between 1550 AD and 1850 AD.
During this time, a slight cooling of a little less than 1 °C was observed in North America, Europe, and possibly other areas of the Earth.
During this time, a slight cooling of a little less than 1 °C was observed in North America, Europe.
This 1 °C change in global temperature is a seemingly small deviation in temperature; however, it also resulted in noticeable climatic changes.
This 1 °C change in global temperature is a seemingly small deviation in temperature.
however, it also resulted in noticeable climatic changes.
Historical accounts reveal a time of exceptionally harsh winters with much snow and frost.
The Industrial Revolution, which began around 1750, was characterized by changes in much of human society.
Advances in agriculture increased the food supply, which improved the standard of living for people in Europe and the United States.
New technologies were invented that provided jobs and cheaper goods.
The Industrial Revolution starting in the early nineteenth century ushered in the beginning of the Industrial Era.
The atmospheric concentration of CO2 has risen steadily since the beginning of industrialization.
The indirect evidence includes data collected using ice cores, boreholes, tree rings, glacier lengths, pollen remains, and ocean sediments.
The indirect evidence includes data collected using ice cores, boreholes, tree rings, glacier lengths, pollen remains.
The data shows a correlation between the timing of temperature changes and drivers of climate change.
The Milankovitch cycles describe the effects of slight changes in the Earth's orbit on Earth's climate.
The length of the Milankovitch cycles ranges between 19,000 and 100,000 years.
In other words, one could expect to see some predictable changes in the Earth's climate associated with changes in the Earth's orbit at a minimum of every 19,000 years.
The variation in the sun's intensity is the second natural factor responsible for climate change.
Solar intensity is the amount of solar power or energy the sun emits in a given amount of time.
As solar intensity increases, the Earth's temperature correspondingly increases.
Changes in solar intensity have been proposed as one of several possible explanations for the Little Ice Age.
Finally, volcanic eruptions are a third natural driver of climate change.
The gases and solids released by volcanic eruptions can include carbon dioxide, water vapor, sulfur dioxide, hydrogen sulfide, hydrogen, and carbon monoxide.
The gases and solids released by volcanic eruptions can include carbon dioxide, water vapor, sulfur dioxide, hydrogen sulfide, hydrogen.
Generally, volcanic eruptions cool the climate.
This occurred in 1783 when volcanoes in Iceland erupted and caused the release of large volumes of sulfuric oxide.
In Europe and North America, haze-effect cooling produced some of the lowest average winter temperatures on record in 1783 and 1784.
Greenhouse gases are probably the most significant drivers of the climate.
The greenhouse gases that affect Earth include carbon dioxide, methane, water vapor, nitrous oxide, and ozone.
The greenhouse gases that affect Earth include carbon dioxide, methane, water vapor, nitrous oxide.
Approximately half of the radiation from the sun passes through these gases in the atmosphere and strikes the Earth.
the Earth's surface, and then a portion of that energy is re-radiated back into the atmosphere.
then a portion of that energy is re-radiated back into the atmosphere.
Greenhouse gases, however, reflect much of the thermal energy back to the Earth's surface.
The more greenhouse gases there are in the atmosphere, the more thermal energy is reflected back to the Earth's surface, heating it up and the atmosphere immediately above it.
Since 1950, the concentration of atmospheric carbon dioxide has increased from about 280 ppm to 382 ppm in 2006.
In 2011, the atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration was 392 ppm.
However, the planet would not be inhabitable by current life forms if water vapor did not produce its drastic greenhouse warming effect.
Scientists look at patterns in data and try to explain differences or deviations from these patterns.
The atmospheric carbon dioxide data reveal a historical pattern of carbon dioxide increasing and decreasing, cycling between a low of 180 ppm and a high of 300 ppm.
Scientists have concluded that it took around 50,000 years for the atmospheric carbon dioxide level to increase from its low minimum concentration to its higher maximum concentration.
However, beginning only a few centuries ago, atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations have increased beyond the historical maximum of 300 ppm.
The current increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide have happened very quickly—in a matter of hundreds of years rather than thousands of years.
Human activity releases carbon dioxide and methane, two of the most important greenhouse gases, into the atmosphere in several ways.
Deforestation, cement manufacture, animal agriculture, the clearing of land, and the burning of forests are other human activities that release carbon dioxide.
the burning of forests are other human activities that release carbon dioxide.
Anaerobic conditions can happen when organic matter is trapped underwater or in the intestines of herbivores.
Methane can also be released from natural gas fields and the decomposition of animal and plant material that occurs in landfills.
Another source of methane is the melting of clathrates.
Clathrates are frozen chunks of ice and methane found at the bottom of the ocean.
As the ocean's water temperature increases, the rate at which clathrates melt is increasing, releasing even more methane.
This leads to increased levels of methane in the atmosphere, which further accelerates the rate of global warming.
This is an example of the positive feedback loop that is leading to the rapid rate of increase of global temperatures.
The burning of fossil fuels in industry and by vehicles releases carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases into the atmosphere.
Past and Present Scientists have geological evidence of the consequences of long-ago climate change.
Meanwhile, changes in climate can negatively affect organisms.
Geological Climate Change Global warming has been associated with at least one planet-wide extinction event during the geological past.
The Permian extinction event occurred about 251 million years ago toward the end of the roughly 50-million-year-long geological time span known as the Permian period.
This geologic time period was one of the three warmest periods in Earth's geologic history.
Scientists estimate that approximately 70 percent of the terrestrial plant and animal species and 84 percent of marine species became extinct, vanishing forever near the end of the Permian period.
While scientists found that warmer temperatures in the 1980s and 1990s caused an increase in plant productivity, this advantage has since been counteracted by more frequent droughts.
Glacier National Park in Montana is undergoing the retreat of many of its glaciers, a phenomenon known as glacier recession.
In 1850, the area contained approximately 150 glaciers.
By 2010, however, the park contained only about 24 glaciers greater than 25 acres in size.
Between 1966 and 2005, the size of Grinnell Glacier shrank by 40 percent.
Similarly, the mass of the ice sheets in Greenland and the Antarctic is decreasing: Greenland lost 150–250 km3 of ice per year between 2002 and 2006.
In addition, the size and thickness of the Arctic sea ice is decreasing.
The effect of global warming can be seen in the continuing retreat of Grinnel Glacier.
The mean annual temperature in the park has increased 1.33 °C since 1900.
This loss of ice is leading to increases in the global sea level.
On average, the sea is rising at a rate of 1.8 mm per year.
However, between 1993 and 2010 the rate of sea level increase ranged between 2.9 and 3.4 mm per year.
In addition to some abiotic conditions changing in response to climate change, many organisms are also being affected by the changes in temperature.
Temperature and precipitation play key roles in determining the geographic distribution and phenology of plants and animals.
Researchers have shown that 385 plant species in Great Britain are flowering 4.5 days sooner than was recorded earlier during the previous 40 years.
In addition, insect-pollinated species were more likely to flower earlier than wind-pollinated species.
This mismatched timing of plants and pollinators could result in injurious ecosystem effects because, for continued survival, insect- pollinated plants must flower when their pollinators are present.
Ecologists ask questions that the food web.
At the population and community levels, Aquatic ecosystems include both saltwater and ecologists explore, respectively, how a population of freshwater biomes.
Sunlight is a community.
that affect their distribution.
Endemic species are Different kinds of organisms are adapted to the species that are naturally found only in a specific conditions found in each zone.
Coral reefs are unique geographic area.
The distribution of living things is marine ecosystems that are home to a wide variety of influenced by several environmental factors that are, in species.
Estuaries are found where rivers meet the part, controlled by the latitude or elevation at which a ocean; their shallow waters provide nourishment and species is found.
their shallow waters provide nourishment and species is found.
Ocean upwellings, and spring and fall shelter for young crustaceans, mollusks, fishes, and turnovers are important processes regulating the many other species.
turnovers are important processes regulating the many other species.
Freshwater biomes include lakes, distribution of nutrients and other abiotic factors ponds, rivers, streams, and wetlands.
Freshwater biomes include lakes, distribution of nutrients and other abiotic factors ponds, rivers, streams.
Bogs are an important in aquatic ecosystems.
Energy sources, interesting type of wetland characterized by standing temperature, water, inorganic nutrients, and soil are water, lower pH, and a lack of nitrogen.
soil are water, lower pH.
Net primary productivity is a measure of the amount of biomass produced by a Climate Change biome.
The Earth has gone through periodic cycles of increases and decreases in temperature.
During the 44.3 Terrestrial Biomes past 2,000 years, the Medieval Climate Anomaly was a The Earth has terrestrial biomes and aquatic biomes.
warmer period, while the Little Ice Age was unusually Aquatic biomes include both freshwater and marine cool.
the Little Ice Age was unusually Aquatic biomes include both freshwater and marine cool.
Both of these irregularities can be explained by environments.
Natural drivers of climate change include boreal forests, and Arctic tundra.
Natural drivers of climate change include boreal forests.
The same biome can Milankovitch cycles, changes in solar activity, and occur in different geographic locations with similar volcanic eruptions.
The same biome can Milankovitch cycles, changes in solar activity.
composition of animal and plant communities in The burning of fossil fuels is an important source of terrestrial biomes.
Some biomes, such as temperate greenhouse gases, which play a major role in the grasslands and temperate forests, have distinct greenhouse effect.
Two hundred and fifty million years seasons, with cold weather and hot weather ago, global warming resulted in the Permian extinction: alternating throughout the year.
the photic zone, the abyssal zone, the a. Chaparral is dominated by shrubs.
neritic zone, and the oceanic zone b. Savannas and temperate grasslands are d. the pelagic realm, the aphotic zone, the dominated by grasses.
the oceanic zone b. Savannas and temperate grasslands are d. the pelagic realm, the aphotic zone, the dominated by grasses.
neritic zone, and the oceanic zone c. Boreal forests are dominated by deciduous trees.
the oceanic zone c. Boreal forests are dominated by deciduous trees.
Understory plants in a temperate forest have a. aphotic zone adaptations to capture limited ________.
A key feature of estuaries is: a. low light conditions and high productivity 7.
The hurricane season lasts from June 1 through November 30. 8.
Deserts are generally dry ecosystems b. volcanoes having very little rainfall.
Ecologists often collaborate with other be a major disturbance factor; however, fire is researchers interested in ecological questions.
Ecologists often collaborate with other be a major disturbance factor.
however, fire is researchers interested in ecological questions.
Scientists have discovered the bodies of humans 15.
The population is an important unit in ecology as and other living things buried in bogs for well as other biological sciences.
How is a hundreds of years, but not yet decomposed.
Many endemic species are found in areas that climate change.