# Biology2e Chapter 45 — Population and Community Ecology
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 693

This is now a risk on many rivers and canal systems in Illinois and Missouri because of the presence of Asian carp.
It is one of the most important aquaculture food resources worldwide.
In the United States, however, Asian carp is considered a dangerous invasive species that disrupts community structure and composition to the point of threatening native species.
Populations are dynamic entities.
A population consists of all of the individuals of a particular species that occur in a particular area and have the potential to interact with one another.
The statistical study of population dynamics, demography, uses a series of mathematical tools to investigate how populations respond to changes in their biotic and abiotic environments.
For example, life tables, which detail the life expectancy of individuals within a population, were initially developed by life insurance companies to set insurance rates.
In fact, while the term "demographics" is commonly used when discussing humans, all living populations can be studied using this approach.
the term "demographics" is commonly used when discussing humans, all living populations can be studied using this approach.
Population Size and Density The study of any population usually begins by determining how many individuals of a particular species exist, and how closely associated they are with each other.
Population Size and Density The study of any population usually begins by determining how many individuals of a particular species exist.
how closely associated they are with each other.
Population size and density are the two main characteristics used to describe and understand populations.
For example, populations with more individuals may be more stable than smaller populations based on their genetic variability, and thus their potential to adapt to the environment.
For example, populations with more individuals may be more stable than smaller populations based on their genetic variability.
As this graph shows, population density typically decreases with increasing body size.
Population Research Methods The most accurate way to determine population size is to simply count all of the individuals within the habitat.
However, this method is often not logistically or economically feasible, especially when studying large habitats.
Thus, scientists usually study populations by sampling a representative portion of each habitat and using this data to make inferences about the habitat as a whole.
After setting the quadrats, researchers then count the number of individuals that lie within their boundaries.
Multiple quadrat samples are performed throughout the habitat at several random locations to estimate the population size and density within the entire habitat.
The number and size of quadrat samples depends on the type of organisms under study and other factors, including the density of the organism.
For example, if sampling daffodils, a 1 m2 quadrat might be used.
With giant redwoods, on the other hand, a larger quadrat of 100 m2 might be employed.
This ensures that enough individuals of the species are counted to get an accurate sample that correlates with the habitat, including areas not sampled.
A scientist uses a quadrat to measure population size and density.
For mobile organisms, such as mammals, birds, or fish, scientists use a technique called mark and recapture.
fish, scientists use a technique called mark and recapture.
Using the ratio of marked and unmarked individuals, scientists determine how many individuals are in the sample.
From this, calculations are used to estimate the total population size.
This method assumes that the larger the population, the lower the percentage of tagged organisms that will be recaptured since they will have mixed with more untagged individuals.
Using our example, the population size would be estimated at 400.
Some animals from the first catch may learn to avoid capture in the second round, thus inflating population estimates.
Alternatively, some animals may prefer to be retrapped, resulting in an underestimate of population size.
Also, some species may be harmed by the marking technique, reducing their survival.
Species Distribution In addition to measuring simple density, further information about a population can be obtained by looking at the distribution of the individuals.
Species dispersion patterns show the spatial relationship between members of a population within a habitat at a particular point in time.
In other words, they show whether members of the species live close together or far apart, and what patterns are evident when they are spaced apart.
In other words, they show whether members of the species live close together or far apart.
what patterns are evident when they are spaced apart.
Individuals in a population can be equally spaced apart, dispersed randomly with no predictable pattern, or clustered in groups.
Individuals in a population can be equally spaced apart, dispersed randomly with no predictable pattern.
An example of random dispersion occurs with dandelion and other plants that have wind-dispersed seeds that germinate wherever they happen to fall in a favorable environment.
Clumped dispersions may also be a function of habitat heterogeneity.
Thus, the dispersion of the individuals within a population provides more information about how they interact with each other than does a simple density measurement.
Territorial birds such as penguins tend to have uniform distribution.
Plants such as dandelions with wind-dispersed seeds tend to be randomly distributed.
Animals such as elephants that travel in groups exhibit clumped distribution.
Demography While population size and density describe a population at one particular point in time, scientists must use demography to study the dynamics of a population.
Demography is the statistical study of population changes over time: birth rates, death rates, and life expectancies.
Demography is the statistical study of population changes over time: birth rates, death rates.
Each of these measures, especially birth rates, may be affected by the population characteristics described above.
For example, a large population size results in a higher birth rate because more potentially reproductive individuals are present.
In contrast, a large population size can also result in a higher death rate because of competition, disease, and the accumulation of waste.
In contrast, a large population size can also result in a higher death rate because of competition, disease.
proportion of population members at specific age ranges) composed of many individuals of reproductive age can increase birth rates.
In addition, the demographic characteristics of a population can influence how the population grows or declines over time.
If birth and death rates are equal, the population remains stable.
However, the population size will increase if birth rates exceed death rates; the population will decrease if birth rates are less than death rates.
However, the population size will increase if birth rates exceed death rates.
Life expectancy is another important factor; the length of time individuals remain in the population impacts local resources, reproduction, and the overall health of the population.
Life expectancy is another important factor.
the length of time individuals remain in the population impacts local resources, reproduction, and the overall health of the population.
Life expectancy is another important factor; the length of time individuals remain in the population impacts local resources, reproduction.
These demographic characteristics are often displayed in the form of a life table.
Life Tables Life tables provide important information about the life history of an organism.
Life tables divide the population into age groups and often sexes, and show how long a member of that group is likely to live.
Life tables divide the population into age groups and often sexes.
They are modeled after actuarial tables used by the insurance industry for estimating human life expectancy.
An example of a life table is shown in from a study of Dall mountain sheep, a species native to northwestern North America.
For example, between ages three and four, 12 individuals die out of the 776 that were remaining from the original 1000 sheep.
This number is then multiplied by 1000 to get the mortality rate per thousand.
This life table of Ovis dalli shows the number of deaths, number of survivors, mortality rate, and life expectancy at each age interval for the Dall mountain sheep.
This life table of Ovis dalli shows the number of deaths, number of survivors, mortality rate.
Humans and most primates exhibit a Type I survivorship curve because a high percentage of offspring survive their early and middle years—death occurs predominantly in older individuals.
These types of species usually have small numbers of offspring at one time, and they give a high amount of parental care to them to ensure their survival.
These types of species usually have small numbers of offspring at one time.
they give a high amount of parental care to them to ensure their survival.
Birds are an example of an intermediate or Type II survivorship curve because birds die more or less equally at each age interval.
These organisms also may have relatively few offspring and provide significant parental care.
Organisms in this category usually have a very large number of offspring, but once they are born, little parental care is provided.
Thus these offspring are "on their own" and vulnerable to predation, but their sheer numbers assure the survival of enough individuals to perpetuate the species.
Humans and most mammals have a Type I survivorship curve because death primarily occurs in the older years.
Birds have a Type II survivorship curve, as death at any age is equally probable.
Trees have a Type III survivorship curve because very few survive the younger years, but after a certain age, individuals are much more likely to survive.
A species' life history describes the series of events over its lifetime, such as how resources are allocated for growth, maintenance, and reproduction.
A species' life history describes the series of events over its lifetime, such as how resources are allocated for growth, maintenance.
Life history traits affect the life table of an organism.
Plants, for example, acquire energy from the sun via photosynthesis, but must expend this energy to grow, maintain health, and produce energy-rich seeds to produce the next generation.
Plants, for example, acquire energy from the sun via photosynthesis, but must expend this energy to grow, maintain health.
Animals have the additional burden of using some of their energy reserves to acquire food.
Furthermore, some animals must expend energy caring for their offspring.
Parental Care and Fecundity Fecundity is the potential reproductive capacity of an individual within a population.
In animals, fecundity is inversely related to the amount of parental care given to an individual offspring.
Animals with this strategy are often self-sufficient at a very early age.
This is because of the energy tradeoff these organisms have made to maximize their evolutionary fitness.
Even with these abilities, their small size makes them extremely vulnerable to predation, so the production of many offspring allows enough of them to survive to maintain the species.
This is the case with many mammals, such as humans, kangaroos, and pandas.
This is the case with many mammals, such as humans, kangaroos.
Although it may seem that coconuts and chestnuts have a better chance of surviving, the energy tradeoff of the orchid is also very effective.
It is a matter of where the energy is used, for large numbers of seeds or for fewer seeds with more energy.
The timing of reproduction in a life history also affects species survival.
Organisms that reproduce at an early age have a greater chance of producing offspring, but this is usually at the expense of their growth and the maintenance of their health.
Examples of this can be seen in fishes.
Small fish, like guppies, use their energy to reproduce rapidly, but never attain the size that would give them defense against some predators.
These different energy strategies and tradeoffs are key to understanding the evolution of each species as it maximizes its fitness and fills its niche.
In terms of energy budgeting, some species "blow it all" and use up most of their energy reserves to reproduce early before they die.
Other species delay having reproduction to become stronger, more experienced individuals and to make sure that they are strong enough to provide parental care if necessary.
Semelparity occurs when a species reproduces only once during its lifetime and then dies.
Such species use most of their resource budget during a single reproductive event, sacrificing their health to the point that they do not survive.
Iteroparity describes species that reproduce repeatedly during their lives.
Some animals are able to mate only once per year, but survive multiple mating seasons.
Primates, such as humans and chimpanzees, may mate on any day, independent of ovulation.
Energy Budgets, Reproductive Costs, and Sexual Selection in Drosophila Research into how animals allocate their energy resources for growth, maintenance, and reproduction has used a variety of experimental animal models.
reproduction has used a variety of experimental animal models.
Fruit flies maximize their last chances at reproduction by selecting optimal mates.
In a 1981 study, male fruit flies were placed in enclosures with either virgin or inseminated females.
The males that mated with virgin females had shorter life spans than those in contact with the same number of inseminated females with which they were unable to mate.
Thus, males that did not mate lived longer, allowing them more opportunities to find mates in the future.
Males were allowed to select between smaller and larger females.
Findings showed that larger females had greater fecundity, producing twice as many offspring per mating as the smaller females did.
The study showed that although non-resource-depleted males preferentially mated with larger females, this selection of partners was more pronounced in the resource-depleted males.
This change in behavior causes an increase in the efficiency of a limited reproductive resource: sperm.
These studies demonstrate two ways in which the energy budget is a factor in reproduction.
These changes in behavior, so important to evolution, are studied in a discipline known as behavioral biology, or ethology, at the interface between population biology and psychology.
These changes in behavior, so important to evolution, are studied in a discipline known as behavioral biology.
These more precise models can then be used to accurately describe changes occurring in a population and better predict future changes.
Certain long-accepted models are now being modified or even abandoned due to their lack of predictive ability, and scholars strive to create effective new models.
Certain long-accepted models are now being modified or even abandoned due to their lack of predictive ability.
scholars strive to create effective new models.
Exponential Growth Charles Darwin, in his theory of natural selection, was greatly influenced by the English clergyman Thomas Malthus.
The best example of exponential growth is seen in bacteria.
Bacteria reproduce by prokaryotic fission.
This division takes about an hour for many bacterial species.
In another hour, each of the 2000 organisms will double, producing 4000, an increase of 2000 organisms.
The important concept of exponential growth is the accelerating population growth rate—the number of organisms added in each reproductive generation—that is, it is increasing at a greater and greater rate.
After 1 day and 24 of these cycles, the population would have increased from 1000 to more than 16 billion.
The bacteria example is not representative of the real world where resources are limited.
Furthermore, some bacteria will die during the experiment and thus not reproduce, lowering the growth rate.
The birth rate is usually expressed on a per capita basis.
Additionally, ecologists are interested in the population at a particular point in time, an infinitely small time interval.
Obviously, a bacterium can reproduce more rapidly and have a higher intrinsic rate of growth than a human.
When resources are unlimited, populations exhibit exponential growth, resulting in a J-shaped curve.
When resources are limited, populations exhibit logistic growth.
In logistic growth, population expansion decreases as resources become scarce, and it levels off when the carrying capacity of the environment is reached, resulting in an S-shaped curve.
In logistic growth, population expansion decreases as resources become scarce.
Logistic Growth Exponential growth is possible only when infinite natural resources are available; this is not the case in the real world.
Logistic Growth Exponential growth is possible only when infinite natural resources are available.
this is not the case in the real world.
Charles Darwin recognized this fact in his description of the "struggle for existence," which states that individuals will compete for limited resources.
To model the reality of limited resources, population ecologists developed the logistic growth model.
In the real world, with its limited resources, exponential growth cannot continue indefinitely.
The formula we use to calculate logistic growth adds the carrying capacity as a moderating force in the growth rate.
Thus, population growth is greatly slowed in large populations by the carrying capacity K.
This model also allows for the population of a negative population growth, or a population decline.
This model also allows for the population of a negative population growth.
This occurs when the number of individuals in the population exceeds the carrying capacity/K is negative).
Initially, growth is exponential because there are few individuals and ample resources available.
Then, as resources begin to become limited, the growth rate decreases.
Role of Intraspecific Competition The logistic model assumes that every individual within a population will have equal access to resources and, thus, an equal chance for survival.
For plants, the amount of water, sunlight, nutrients, and the space to grow are the important resources, whereas in animals, important resources include food, water, shelter, nesting space, and mates.
the space to grow are the important resources, whereas in animals, important resources include food, water, shelter, nesting space.
For plants, the amount of water, sunlight, nutrients, and the space to grow are the important resources.
in animals, important resources include food, water, shelter, nesting space, and mates.
In the real world, phenotypic variation among individuals within a population means that some individuals will be better adapted to their environment than others.
Intraspecific competition for resources may not affect populations that are well below their carrying capacity—resources are plentiful and all individuals can obtain what they need.
In addition, the accumulation of waste products can reduce an environment's carrying capacity.
In both examples, the population size exceeds the carrying capacity for short periods of time and then falls below the carrying capacity afterwards.
This fluctuation in population size continues to occur as the population oscillates around its carrying capacity.
Still, even with this oscillation, the logistic model is confirmed.
The carrying capacity of seals would remain the same, but the population of seals would decrease.
The logistic model of population growth, while valid in many natural populations and a useful model, is a simplification of real-world population dynamics.
Implicit in the model is that the carrying capacity of the environment does not change, which is not the case.
The carrying capacity varies annually: for example, some summers are hot and dry whereas others are cold and wet.
In many areas, the carrying capacity during the winter is much lower than it is during the summer.
Also, natural events such as earthquakes, volcanoes, and fires can alter an environment and hence its carrying capacity.
fires can alter an environment and hence its carrying capacity.
Additionally, populations do not usually exist in isolation.
They engage in interspecific competition: that is, they share the environment with other species competing for the same resources.
These factors are also important to understanding how a specific population will grow.
Nature regulates population growth in a variety of ways.
Conservation biologists want to understand both types because this helps them manage populations and prevent extinction or overpopulation.
Density-Dependent Regulation Most density-dependent factors are biological in nature, and include predation, inter- and intraspecific competition, accumulation of waste, and diseases such as those caused by parasites.
Density-Dependent Regulation Most density-dependent factors are biological in nature.
Usually, the denser a population is, the greater its mortality rate.
For example, during intra- and interspecific competition, the reproductive rates of the individuals will usually be lower, reducing their population's rate of growth.
In addition, low prey density increases the mortality of its predator because it has more difficulty locating its food source.
Denser populations of the parasite exhibited lower fecundity: they contained fewer eggs.
One possible explanation for this is that females would be smaller in more dense populations and that smaller females would have fewer eggs.
The actual cause of the density-dependence of fecundity in this organism is still unclear and awaiting further investigation.
In this population of roundworms, fecundity decreases with population density.
An individual deer may be killed in a forest fire regardless of how many deer happen to be in that area.
Its chances of survival are the same whether the population density is high or low.
In real-life situations, population regulation is very complicated and density-dependent and independent factors can interact.
A dense population that is reduced in a density-independent manner by some environmental factor will be able to recover differently than a sparse population.
For example, a population of deer affected by a harsh winter will recover faster if there are more deer remaining to reproduce.
It's easy to get lost in the discussion about why dinosaurs went extinct 65 million years ago.
Scientists are continually exploring these and other theories.
Mammoths survived in isolated island populations as recently as 1700 BC.
Scientists have sequenced at least 50 percent of its genome and believe mammoths are between 98 and 99 percent identical to modern elephants.
It is commonly thought that climate change and human hunting led to their extinction.
A 2008 study estimated that climate change reduced the mammoth's range from 3,000,000 square miles 42,000 years ago to 310,000 square 6 miles 6,000 years ago.
A 2012 study showed that 7 no single factor was exclusively responsible for the extinction of these magnificent creatures.
It is important to remember that humans are also part of nature.
We once contributed to a species' decline using only primitive hunting technology.
Life Histories of K-selected and r-selected Species While reproductive strategies play a key role in life histories, they do not account for important factors like limited resources and competition.
The regulation of population growth by these factors can be used to introduce a classical concept in population biology, that of K-selected versus r-selected species.
The concept relates to a species' reproductive strategies, habitat, and behavior, especially in the way that they obtain resources and care for their young.
The concept relates to a species' reproductive strategies, habitat.
It includes length of life and survivorship factors as well.
Population biologists have grouped species into the two large categories—K-selected and r-selected—although the categories are really two ends of a continuum.
K-selected species are species selected by stable, predictable environments.
Populations of K-selected species tend to exist close to their carrying capacity where intraspecific competition is high.
These species have few, large offspring, a long gestation period, and often give long-term care to their offspring.
These species have few, large offspring, a long gestation period.
While larger in size when born, the offspring are relatively helpless and immature at birth.
By the time they reach adulthood, they must develop skills to compete for natural resources.
Oak trees grow very slowly and take, on average, 20 years to produce their first seeds, known as acorns.
In some years, oaks may produce an exceptionally large number of acorns, and these years may be on a two- or three-year cycle depending on the species of oak.
In some years, oaks may produce an exceptionally large number of acorns.
these years may be on a two- or three-year cycle depending on the species of oak.
The tree's height and size allow it to dominate other plants in the competition for sunlight, the oak's primary energy resource.
Furthermore, when it does reproduce, the oak produces large, energy-rich seeds that use their energy reserve to become quickly established.
In contrast, r-selected species have a large number of small offspring).
This strategy is often employed in unpredictable or changing environments.
Animals that are r-selected do not give long- term parental care and the offspring are relatively mature and self-sufficient at birth.
Dandelions have small seeds that are wind dispersed long distances.
Many seeds are produced simultaneously to ensure that at least some of them reach a hospitable environment.
Seeds that land in inhospitable environments have little chance for survival since their seeds are low in energy content.
Oak trees produce many offspring that do not receive parental care, but are considered K-selected species based on longevity and late maturation.
Modern Theories of Life History By the second half of the twentieth century, the concept of K- and r-selected species was used extensively and successfully to study populations.
The r- and K-selection theory, although accepted for decades and used for much groundbreaking research, has now been reconsidered, and many population biologists have abandoned or modified it.
The r- and K-selection theory, although accepted for decades and used for much groundbreaking research, has now been reconsidered.
Over the years, several studies attempted to confirm the theory, but these attempts have largely failed.
Furthermore, the theory ignored the age-specific mortality of the populations which scientists now know is very important.
Population dynamics can be applied to human population growth.
Earth's human population is growing rapidly, to the extent that some worry about the ability of the earth's environment to sustain this population.
Long-term exponential growth carries the potential risks of famine, disease, and large-scale death.
Long-term exponential growth carries the potential risks of famine, disease.
The depletion of the ozone layer, erosion due to acid rain, and damage from global climate change are caused by human activities.
damage from global climate change are caused by human activities.
The ultimate effect of these changes on our carrying capacity is unknown.
As some point out, it is likely that the negative effects of increasing carrying capacity will outweigh the positive ones—the world's carrying capacity for human beings might actually decrease.
To reach its biotic potential, all females would have to become pregnant every nine months or so during their reproductive years.
Also, resources would have to be such that the environment would support such growth.
In spite of this fact, human population is still growing exponentially.
A consequence of exponential human population growth is a reduction in time that it takes to add a particular number of humans to the Earth.
As already discussed, our ability to increase our carrying capacity indefinitely may be limited.
Without new technological advances, the human growth rate has been predicted to slow in the coming decades.
However, the population will still be increasing and the threat of overpopulation remains.
The time between the addition of each billion human beings to Earth decreases over time.
Overcoming Density-Dependent Regulation Humans are unique in their ability to alter their environment with the conscious purpose of increasing carrying capacity.
This ability is a major factor responsible for human population growth and a way of overcoming density- dependent growth regulation.
Humans can construct shelter to protect them from the elements and have developed agriculture and domesticated animals to increase their food supplies.
In addition, humans use language to communicate this technology to new generations, allowing them to improve upon previous accomplishments.
Other factors in human population growth are migration and public health.
Humans originated in Africa, but have since migrated to nearly all inhabitable land on the Earth.
Public health, sanitation, and the use of antibiotics and vaccines have decreased the ability of infectious disease to limit human population growth.
the use of antibiotics and vaccines have decreased the ability of infectious disease to limit human population growth.
Today, the threat of infectious disease, while not gone, is certainly less severe.
According to the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation in Seattle, global death from infectious disease declined from 15.4 million in 1990 to 10.4 million in 2017.
Thus, infectious disease influence on human population growth is becoming less significant.
The age structure of a population is an important factor in population dynamics.
Age structure is the proportion of a population at different age ranges.
Age structure allows better prediction of population growth, plus the ability to associate this growth with the level of economic development in the region.
This pattern is most often observed in underdeveloped countries where individuals do not live to old age because of less-than-optimal living conditions.
Other developed countries, such as Italy, have zero population growth.
The rapid growth diagram narrows to a point, indicating that the number of individuals decreases rapidly with age.
In the slow growth model, the number of individuals decreases steadily with age.
Age structure diagrams for rapidly growing, slow growing, and stable populations are shown in stages 1 through 3.
stable populations are shown in stages 1 through 3.
In the 1968 book The Population Bomb, biologist Dr. Paul R. Ehrlich wrote, "The battle to feed all of humanity is over.
In the 1970s hundreds of millions of people will starve to death in spite of any crash programs 8 embarked upon now.
While many experts view this statement as incorrect based on evidence, the laws of exponential population growth are still in effect, and unchecked human population growth cannot continue indefinitely.
While many experts view this statement as incorrect based on evidence, the laws of exponential population growth are still in effect.
unchecked human population growth cannot continue indefinitely.
Several nations have instituted policies aimed at influencing population.
Efforts to control population growth led to the one-child policy in China, which is now being phased out.
India also implements national and regional policies to encourage family planning.
On the other hand, Japan, Spain, Russia, Iran, and other countries have made efforts to increase population growth after birth rates dipped.
other countries have made efforts to increase population growth after birth rates dipped.
Such policies are controversial, and the human population continues to grow.
Such policies are controversial.
the human population continues to grow.
At some point the food supply may run out, but the outcomes are difficult to predict.
Nations estimates that future world population growth may vary from 6 billion to 16 billion people by the year 2100.
Another result of population growth is the endangerment of the natural environment.
Many countries have attempted to reduce the human impact on climate change by reducing their emission of the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide.
However, these treaties have not been ratified by every country.
The role of human activity in causing climate change has become a hotly debated socio-political issue in some countries, including the United States.
Thus, we enter the future with considerable uncertainty about our ability to curb human population growth and protect our environment.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit this website and choose a video to watch about human population issues.
Populations rarely, if ever, live in isolation from populations of other species.
In most cases, numerous species share a habitat.
The interactions between these populations play a major role in regulating population growth and abundance.
The number of species occupying the same habitat and their relative abundance is known as species diversity.
Ecology is studied at the community level to understand how species interact with each other and compete for the same resources.
Predation and Herbivory Perhaps the classical example of species interaction is predation: the consumption of prey by its predator.
Nature shows on television highlight the drama of one living organism killing another.
Populations of predators and prey in a community are not constant over time: in most cases, they vary in cycles that appear to be related.
This cycle of predator and prey lasts approximately 10 years, with the predator population lagging 1–2 years behind that of the prey population.
When the lynx population is low, the hare population size begins to increase due, at least in part, to low predation pressure, starting the cycle anew.
The cycling of lynx and snowshoe hare populations in Northern Ontario is an example of predator-prey dynamics.
Some researchers question the idea that predation models entirely control the population cycling of the two species.
More recent studies have pointed to undefined density-dependent factors as being important in the cycling, in addition to predation.
The hare cycling would then induce the cycling of the lynx because it is the lynxes' major food source.
The more we study communities, the more complexities we find, allowing ecologists to derive more accurate and sophisticated models of population dynamics.
Herbivory describes the consumption of plants by insects and other animals, and it is another interspecific relationship that affects populations.
Herbivory describes the consumption of plants by insects and other animals.
it is another interspecific relationship that affects populations.
Unlike animals, most plants cannot outrun predators or use mimicry to hide from hungry animals.
Some plants have developed mechanisms to defend against herbivory.
Other species have developed mutualistic relationships; for example, herbivory provides a mechanism of seed distribution that aids in plant reproduction.
Other species have developed mutualistic relationships.
for example, herbivory provides a mechanism of seed distribution that aids in plant reproduction.
Defense Mechanisms against Predation and Herbivory The study of communities must consider evolutionary forces that act on the members of the various populations contained within it.
Species are not static, but slowly changing and adapting to their environment by natural selection and other evolutionary forces.
Species have evolved numerous mechanisms to escape predation and herbivory.
These defenses may be mechanical, chemical, physical, or behavioral.
These defenses may be mechanical, chemical, physical.
Chemical defenses are produced by many animals as well as plants, such as the foxglove which is extremely toxic when eaten.
Foxglove uses a chemical defense: toxins produced by the plant can cause nausea, vomiting, hallucinations, convulsions, or death when consumed.
Foxglove uses a chemical defense: toxins produced by the plant can cause nausea, vomiting, hallucinations, convulsions.
Many species use physical appearance, such as body shape and coloration, to avoid being detected by predators.
Both of these are examples of camouflage, or avoiding detection by blending in with the background.
Both of these are examples of camouflage.
Some species use coloration as a way of warning predators that they are not good to eat.
Predators that ignore this coloration and eat the organisms will experience their unpleasant taste or presence of toxic chemicals and learn not to eat them in the future.
In Batesian mimicry, a harmless species imitates the warning coloration of a harmful one.
In Müllerian mimicry, multiple species share the same warning coloration, but all of them actually have defenses.
This type of mimicry is extremely rare and more difficult to understand than the previous two types.
For this type of mimicry to work, it is essential that eating the milk snake has unpleasant but not fatal consequences.
Then, these predators learn not to eat snakes with this coloration, protecting the coral snake as well.
Competitive Exclusion Principle Resources are often limited within a habitat and multiple species may compete to obtain them.
All species have an ecological niche in the ecosystem, which describes how they acquire the resources they need and how they interact with other species in the community.
The competitive exclusion principle states that two species cannot occupy the same niche in a habitat.
In other words, different species cannot coexist in a community if they are competing for all the same resources.
But when they are placed together in the same test tube, P. aurelia outcompetes P. caudatum for food, leading to the latter's eventual extinction.
The two organisms are then said to occupy different microniches.
These organisms coexist by minimizing direct competition.
Symbiosis Symbiotic relationships, or symbioses, are close interactions between individuals of different species over an extended period of time which impact the abundance and distribution of the associating populations.
symbioses, are close interactions between individuals of different species over an extended period of time which impact the abundance and distribution of the associating populations.
Most scientists accept this definition, but some restrict the term to only those species that are mutualistic, where both individuals benefit from the interaction.
In this discussion, the broader definition will be used.
The tree is not harmed by the presence of the nest among its branches.
The bird, on the other hand, benefits greatly.
If the bird had to nest in the open, its eggs and young would be vulnerable to predators.
Another example of a commensal relationship is the pilot fish and the shark.
the host is not affected in any way.
The southern masked-weaver bird is starting to make a nest in a tree in Zambezi Valley, Zambia.
This is an example of a commensal relationship, in which one species benefits, while the other neither benefits nor is harmed.
This is an example of a commensal relationship, in which one species benefits.
Some scientists believe that these are the only true examples of symbiosis.
The termite itself cannot do this, and without the protozoa, it would not be able to obtain energy from its food.
The termite itself cannot do this.
without the protozoa, it would not be able to obtain energy from its food.
The protozoa and the bacterial symbionts benefit by having a protective environment and a constant supply of food from the wood chewing actions of the termite.
Lichen is a fungus that has symbiotic photosynthetic algae living inside its cells.
Parasitism A parasite is an organism that lives in or on another living organism and derives nutrients from it.
The host is usually weakened by the parasite as it siphons resources the host would normally use to maintain itself.
The reproductive cycles of parasites are often very complex, sometimes requiring more than one host species.
The parasite moves from species to species in a cycle, making two hosts necessary to complete its life cycle.
Another common parasite is Plasmodium falciparum, the protozoan cause of malaria, a significant disease in many parts of the world.
Living in human liver and red blood cells, the organism reproduces asexually in the gut of blood- feeding mosquitoes to complete its life cycle.
Thus malaria is spread from human to human by mosquitoes, one of many arthropod-borne infectious diseases.
This diagram shows the life cycle of a pork tapeworm, a human worm parasite.
Characteristics of Communities Communities are complex entities that can be characterized by their structure and dynamics.
Understanding community structure and dynamics enables community ecologists to manage ecosystems more effectively.
They are usually the primary producers: organisms that bring most of the energy into the community.
Kelp, or brown algae, is a foundation species, forming the basis of the kelp forests off the coast of California.
brown algae, is a foundation species, forming the basis of the kelp forests off the coast of California.
Foundation species may physically modify the environment to produce and maintain habitats that benefit the other organisms that use them.
Corals themselves are not photosynthetic, but harbor symbionts within their body tissues that perform photosynthesis; this is another example of a mutualism.
Corals themselves are not photosynthetic, but harbor symbionts within their body tissues that perform photosynthesis.
this is another example of a mutualism.
The exoskeletons of living and dead coral make up most of the reef structure, which protects many other species from waves and ocean currents.
Coral is the foundation species of coral reef ecosystems.
The area in question could be a habitat, a biome, or the entire biosphere.
The area in question could be a habitat, a biome.
Species richness is the term that is used to describe the number of species living in a habitat or biome.
The lowest species richness occurs near the poles, which are much colder, drier, and thus less conducive to life in recent geologic time.
The lowest species richness occurs near the poles, which are much colder, drier.
The predictability of climate or productivity is also an important factor.
Other factors influence species richness as well.
For example, the study of island biogeography attempts to explain the relatively high species richness found in certain isolated island chains, including the Galápagos Islands that inspired the young Darwin.
Relative species abundance is the number of individuals in a species relative to the total number of individuals in all species within a habitat, ecosystem, or biome.
Relative species abundance is the number of individuals in a species relative to the total number of individuals in all species within a habitat, ecosystem.
Foundation species often have the highest relative abundance of species.
The greatest species richness for mammals in North and South America is associated with the equatorial latitudes.
Keystone Species A keystone species is one whose presence is key to maintaining biodiversity within an ecosystem and to upholding an ecological community's structure.
Studies have shown that when this organism is removed from communities, populations of their natural prey increase, completely altering the species composition and reducing biodiversity.
If these fish were to become extinct, the community would be greatly affected.
The Pisaster ochraceus sea star is a keystone species.
EVERYDAY CONNECTION Invasive Species Invasive species are nonnative organisms that, when introduced to an area out of their native range, threaten the ecosystem balance of that habitat.
Whether enjoying a forest hike, taking a summer boat trip, or simply walking down an urban street, you have likely encountered an invasive species.
simply walking down an urban street, you have likely encountered an invasive species.
Some forests are threatened by the spread of common buckthorn, garlic mustard, and the emerald ash borer.
Some forests are threatened by the spread of common buckthorn, garlic mustard.
The European starling may compete with native bird species for nest holes.
Some of the fish escaped, however, and by the 1980s they had colonized many waterways of the Mississippi River basin, including the Illinois and Missouri Rivers.
Some of the fish escaped, however.
by the 1980s they had colonized many waterways of the Mississippi River basin, including the Illinois and Missouri Rivers.
For example, black carp are voracious eaters of native mussels and snails, limiting this food source for native fish species.
Silver carp eat plankton that native mussels and snails feed on, reducing this food source by a different alteration of the food web.
In some areas of the Mississippi River, Asian carp species have become the most predominant, effectively outcompeting native fishes for habitat.
In some parts of the Illinois River, Asian carp constitute 95 percent of the community's biomass.
Although edible, the fish is bony and not a desired food in the United States.
Moreover, their presence threatens the native fish and fisheries of the Great Lakes, which are important to local economies and recreational anglers.
The fish, frightened by the sound of approaching motorboats, thrust themselves into the air, often landing in the boat or directly hitting the boaters.
The Great Lakes and their prized salmon and lake trout fisheries are also being threatened by these invasive fish.
Asian carp have already colonized rivers and canals that lead into Lake Michigan.
One infested waterway of particular importance is the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Channel, the major supply waterway linking the Great Lakes to the Mississippi River.
The issues associated with Asian carp show how population and community ecology, fisheries management, and politics intersect on issues of vital importance to the human food supply and economy.
The issues associated with Asian carp show how population and community ecology, fisheries management.
Community Dynamics Community dynamics are the changes in community structure and composition over time.
Sometimes these changes are induced by environmental disturbances such as volcanoes, earthquakes, storms, fires, and climate change.
Sometimes these changes are induced by environmental disturbances such as volcanoes, earthquakes, storms, fires.
Communities with a stable structure are said to be at equilibrium.
Following a disturbance, the community may or may not return to the equilibrium state.
Succession describes the sequential appearance and disappearance of species in a community over time.
In primary succession, newly exposed or newly formed land is colonized by living things; in secondary succession, part of an ecosystem is disturbed and remnants of the previous community remain.
In primary succession, newly exposed or newly formed land is colonized by living things.
in secondary succession, part of an ecosystem is disturbed and remnants of the previous community remain.
As lava flows into the ocean, new land is continually being formed.
On the Big Island, approximately 32 acres of land is added each year.
These species help to further break down the mineral rich lava into soil where other, less hardy species will grow and eventually replace the pioneer species.
In addition, as these early species grow and die, they add to an ever-growing layer of decomposing organic material and contribute to soil formation.
Over time the area will reach an equilibrium state, with a set of organisms quite different from the pioneer species.
Wildfires will burn most vegetation and kill those animals unable to flee the area.
Their nutrients, however, are returned to the ground in the form of ash.
Thus, even when areas are devoid of life due to severe fires, the area will soon be ready for new life to take hold.
Before the fire, the vegetation was dominated by tall trees with access to the major plant energy resource: sunlight.
Their height gave them access to sunlight while also shading the ground and other low-lying species.
After the fire, though, these trees are no longer dominant.
Thus, the first plants to grow back are usually annual plants followed within a few years by quickly growing and spreading grasses and other pioneer species.
Eventually, over 150 years, the forest will reach its equilibrium point where species composition is no longer changing and resembles the community before the fire.
This equilibrium state is referred to as the climax community, which will remain stable until the next disturbance.
Behavior is the change in activity of an organism in response to a stimulus.
Behavioral biology is the study of the biological and evolutionary bases for such changes.
natural selection is not new.
For decades, several types of scientists have studied animal behavior.
Biologists do so in the science of ethology.
They are "hard wired" into the system.
Innate Behaviors: Movement and Migration Innate or instinctual behaviors rely on response to stimuli.
The simplest example of this is a reflex action, an involuntary and rapid response to stimulus.
To test the "knee-jerk" reflex, a doctor taps the patellar tendon below the kneecap with a rubber hammer.
The stimulation of the nerves leads to the reflex of extending the leg at the knee.
This is similar to the reaction of someone who touches a hot stove and instinctually pulls their hand away.
Even humans, with our great capacity to learn, still exhibit a variety of innate behaviors.
Kinesis and Taxis Another activity or movement of innate behavior is kinesis, or the undirected movement in response to a stimulus.
Kinesis and Taxis Another activity or movement of innate behavior is kinesis.
Orthokinesis is the increased or decreased speed of movement of an organism in response to a stimulus.
Woodlice, for example, increase their speed of movement when exposed to high or low temperatures.
This movement, although random, increases the probability that the insect spends less time in the unfavorable environment.
Another example is klinokinesis, an increase in turning behaviors.
It is exhibited by bacteria such as E. coli which, in association with orthokinesis, helps the organisms randomly find a more hospitable environment.
A similar, but more directed version of kinesis is taxis: the directed movement towards or away from a stimulus.
This movement can be in response to light, chemical signals, or gravity and can be directed toward or away from the source of the stimulus.
This movement can be in response to light, chemical signals.
gravity and can be directed toward or away from the source of the stimulus.
An example of a positive chemotaxis is exhibited by the unicellular protozoan Tetrahymena thermophila.
This organism swims using its cilia, at times moving in a straight line, and at other times making turns.
This organism swims using its cilia, at times moving in a straight line.
The attracting chemotactic agent alters the frequency of turning as the organism moves directly toward the source, following the increasing concentration gradient.
Fixed Action Patterns A fixed action pattern is a series of movements elicited by a stimulus such that even when the stimulus is removed, the pattern goes on to completion.
Males of this species develop a red belly during breeding season and show instinctual aggressiveness to other males during this time.
In laboratory experiments, researchers exposed such fish to objects that in no way resemble a fish in their shape, but which were painted red on their lower halves.
The male sticklebacks responded aggressively to the objects just as if they were real male sticklebacks.
During mating season, the males, which develop a bright red belly, react strongly to red-bottomed objects that in no way resemble fish.
Migration Migration is the long-range seasonal movement of animals.
It is an evolved, adapted response to variation in resource availability, and it is a common phenomenon found in all major groups of animals.
It is an evolved, adapted response to variation in resource availability.
it is a common phenomenon found in all major groups of animals.
Birds fly south for the winter to get to warmer climates with sufficient food, and salmon migrate to their spawning grounds.
Birds fly south for the winter to get to warmer climates with sufficient food.
The popular 2005 documentary March of the Penguins followed the 62-mile migration of emperor penguins through Antarctica to bring food back to their breeding site and to their young.
Although migration is thought of as innate behavior, only some migrating species always migrate.
Animals that exhibit facultative migration can choose to migrate or not.
Additionally, in some animals, only a portion of the population migrates, whereas the rest does not migrate.
Foraging Foraging is the act of searching for and exploiting food resources.
these are favored by natural selection.
The painted stork uses its long beak to forage.
Innate Behaviors: Living in Groups Not all animals live in groups, but even those that live relatively solitary lives, with the exception of those that can reproduce asexually, must mate.
Mating usually involves one animal signaling another so as to communicate the desire to mate.
Other behaviors found in populations that live in groups are described in terms of which animal benefits from the behavior.
In selfish behavior, only the animal in question benefits; in altruistic behavior, one animal's actions benefit another animal; cooperative behavior describes when both animals benefit.
in altruistic behavior, one animal's actions benefit another animal.
All of these behaviors involve some sort of communication between population members.
Communication within a Species Animals communicate with each other using stimuli known as signals.
Other signals are chemical, aural, visual, or tactile.
Other signals are chemical, aural, visual.
These types of communication may be instinctual or learned or a combination of both.
These are not the same as the communication we associate with language, which has been observed only in humans and perhaps in some species of primates and cetaceans.
A pheromone is a secreted chemical signal used to obtain a response from another individual of the same species.
The purpose of pheromones is to elicit a specific behavior from the receiving individual.
Even humans are thought to respond to certain pheromones called axillary steroids.
These chemicals influence human perception of other people, and in one study were responsible for a group of people synchronizing their menstrual cycles.
These chemicals influence human perception of other people.
The role of pheromones in human-to- human communication is not fully understood and continues to be researched.
Songs are an example of an aural signal, one that needs to be heard by the recipient.
Other well-known songs are those of whales, which are of such low frequency that they can travel long distances underwater.
Dolphin species communicate with each other using a wide variety of vocalizations.
Male crickets make chirping sounds using a specialized organ to attract a mate, repel other males, and to announce a successful mating.
Male crickets make chirping sounds using a specialized organ to attract a mate, repel other males.
Courtship displays are a series of ritualized visual behaviors designed to attract and convince a member of the opposite sex to mate.
These displays are ubiquitous in the animal kingdom.
Often these displays involve a series of steps, including an initial display by one member followed by a response from the other.
Aggressive displays are also common in the animal kingdom.
For example, a dog bares its teeth when it wants another dog to back down.
Presumably, these displays communicate not only the willingness of the animal to fight, but also its fighting ability.
This type of interaction, even if "dishonest," would be favored by natural selection if it is successful more times than not.
This stork's courtship display is designed to attract potential mates.
Distraction displays are seen in birds and some fish.
They are designed to attract a predator away from the nest.
This is an example of an altruistic behavior: it benefits the young more than the individual performing the display, which is putting itself at risk by doing so.
Many animals, especially primates, communicate with other members in the group through touch.
Similar behaviors are found in other primates, especially in the great apes.
LINK TO LEARNING The killdeer bird distracts predators from its eggs by faking a broken wing display in this video taken in Boise, Idaho.
Examples of such behaviors are seen widely across the animal kingdom.
Social insects such as worker bees have no ability to reproduce, yet they maintain the queen so she can populate the hive with her offspring.
Meerkats keep a sentry standing guard to warn the rest of the colony about intruders, even though the sentry is putting itself at risk.
Wolves and wild dogs bring meat to pack members not present during a hunt.
Lemurs take care of infants unrelated to them.
Although on the surface, these behaviors appear to be altruistic, the truth may not be so simple.
One explanation for altruistic-type behaviors is found in the genetics of natural selection.
In the 1976 book, The Selfish Gene, scientist Richard Dawkins attempted to explain many seemingly altruistic behaviors from the viewpoint of the gene itself.
Mammal parents make this sacrifice to take care of their offspring.
Emperor penguins migrate miles in harsh conditions to bring food back for their young.
Selfish gene theory has been controversial over the years and is still discussed among scientists in related fields.
Even less-related individuals, those with less genetic identity than that shared by parent and offspring, benefit from seemingly altruistic behavior.
The activities of social insects such as bees, wasps, ants, and termites are good examples.
termites are good examples.
Thus, it is of fitness benefit for the worker to maintain the queen without having any direct chance of passing on its genes due to its sterility.
The lowering of individual fitness to enhance the reproductive fitness of a relative and thus one's inclusive fitness evolves through kin selection.
This phenomenon can explain many superficially altruistic behaviors seen in animals.
Unrelated individuals may also act altruistically to each other, and this seems to defy the "selfish gene" explanation.
Unrelated individuals may also act altruistically to each other.
this seems to defy the "selfish gene" explanation.
After a certain amount of time, the roles are reversed and the first monkey now grooms the second monkey.
Both benefit from the interaction and their fitness is raised more than if neither cooperated nor if one cooperated and the other did not cooperate.
Reciprocal altruism requires that individuals repeatedly encounter each other, often the result of living in the same social group, and that cheaters are punished.
Reciprocal altruism requires that individuals repeatedly encounter each other, often the result of living in the same social group.
Evolutionary game theory, a modification of classical game theory in mathematics, has shown that many of these so-called "altruistic behaviors" are not altruistic at all.
The definition of "pure" altruism, based on human behavior, is an action that benefits another without any direct benefit to oneself.
game theorists are good at finding "selfish" components in them.
These instinctual behaviors may then be applied, in special circumstances, to other species, as long as it doesn't lower the animal's fitness.
Significant energy is spent in the process of locating, attracting, and mating with the sex partner.
Significant energy is spent in the process of locating, attracting.
Intersexual selection is often complex because choosing a mate may be based on a variety of visual, aural, tactile, and chemical cues.
Intersexual selection is often complex because choosing a mate may be based on a variety of visual, aural, tactile.
Intrasexual selection involves mating displays and aggressive mating rituals such as rams butting heads—the winner of these battles is the one that is able to mate.
Three general mating systems, all involving innate as opposed to learned behaviors, are seen in animal populations: monogamous, polygynous, and polyandrous.
Three general mating systems, all involving innate as opposed to learned behaviors, are seen in animal populations: monogamous, polygynous.
LINK TO LEARNING Visit this website for informative videos on sexual selection.
In monogamous systems, one male and one female are paired for at least one breeding season.
In some animals, such as the gray wolf, these associations can last much longer, even a lifetime.
Several theories may explain this type of mating system.
The "mate-guarding hypothesis" states that males stay with the female to prevent other males from mating with her.
This behavior is advantageous in such situations where mates are scarce and difficult to find.
Another explanation is the "male-assistance hypothesis," where males that help guard and rear their young will have more and healthier offspring.
Monogamy is observed in many bird populations where, in addition to the parental care from the female, the male is also a major provider of parental care for the chicks.
Polygynous mating refers to one male mating with multiple females.
In these situations, the female must be responsible for most of the parental care as the single male is not capable of providing care to that many offspring.
In resourced-based polygyny, males compete for territories with the best resources, and then mate with females that enter the territory, drawn to its resource richness.
In resourced-based polygyny, males compete for territories with the best resources.
The female benefits by mating with a dominant, genetically fit male; however, it is at the cost of having no male help in caring for the offspring.
however, it is at the cost of having no male help in caring for the offspring.
An example is seen in the yellow- rumped honeyguide, a bird whose males defend beehives because the females feed on their wax.
As the females approach, the male defending the nest will mate with them.
Harem mating structures are a type of polygynous system where certain males dominate mating while controlling a territory with resources.
Harem mating occurs in elephant seals, where the alpha male dominates the mating within the group.
A third type of polygyny is a lek system.
the females choose their mate from this group.
This behavior is observed in several bird species including the sage grouse and the prairie chicken.
These types of systems are much rarer than monogamous and polygynous mating systems.
Therefore, the female is able to provide eggs to several males without the burden of carrying the fertilized eggs.
The majority of the behaviors previously discussed were innate or at least have an innate component.
Conversely, learned behaviors, even though they may have instinctive components, allow an organism to adapt to changes in the environment and are modified by previous experiences.
Simple learned behaviors include habituation and imprinting—both are important to the maturation process of young animals.
Habituation Habituation is a simple form of learning in which an animal stops responding to a stimulus after a period of repeated exposure.
This is a form of non-associative learning, as the stimulus is not associated with any punishment or reward.
In this example, habituation is specific to the sound of human footsteps, as the animals still respond to the sounds of potential predators.
Imprinting Imprinting is a type of learning that occurs at a particular age or a life stage that is rapid and independent of the species involved.
Hatchling ducks recognize the first adult they see, their mother, and make a bond with her.
Hatchling ducks recognize the first adult they see, their mother.
The attachment of ducklings to their mother is an example of imprinting.
Imprinting hatchlings has been a key to success: biologists wear full crane costumes so the birds never "see" humans.
Conditioned Behavior Conditioned behaviors are types of associative learning, where a stimulus becomes associated with a consequence.
During operant conditioning, the behavioral response is modified by its consequences, with regards to its form, strength, or frequency.
During operant conditioning, the behavioral response is modified by its consequences, with regards to its form, strength.
Classical Conditioning In classical conditioning, a response called the conditioned response is associated with a stimulus that it had previously not been associated with, the conditioned stimulus.
In Pavlov's experiments, the unconditioned response was the salivation of dogs in response to the unconditioned stimulus of seeing or smelling their food.
During conditioning, every time the animal was given food, the bell was rung.
This was repeated during several trials.
After some time, the dog learned to associate the ringing of the bell with food and to respond by salivating.
After the conditioning period was finished, the dog would respond by salivating when the bell was rung, even when the unconditioned stimulus, the food, was absent.
Thus, the ringing of the bell became the conditioned stimulus and the salivation became the conditioned response.
In the classic Pavlovian response, the dog becomes conditioned to associate the ringing of the bell with food.
Operant Conditioning In operant conditioning, the conditioned behavior is gradually modified by its consequences as the animal responds to the stimulus.
A major proponent of such conditioning was psychologist B.F. Skinner, the inventor of the Skinner box.
Skinner put rats in his boxes that contained a lever that would dispense food to the rat when depressed.
While initially the rat would push the lever a few times by accident, it eventually associated pushing the lever with getting the food.
This type of learning is an example of operant conditioning.
Operant learning is the basis of most animal training.
The conditioned behavior is continually modified by positive or negative reinforcement, often a reward such as food or some type of punishment, respectively.
The training of dolphins by rewarding them with food is an example of positive reinforcement operant conditioning.
Cognitive Learning Classical and operant conditioning are inefficient ways for humans and other intelligent animals to learn.
Some primates, including humans, are able to learn by imitating the behavior of others and by taking instructions.
The development of complex language by humans has made cognitive learning, the manipulation of information using the mind, the most prominent method of human learning.
In fact, that is how students are learning right now by reading this book.
As students read, they can make mental images of objects or organisms and imagine changes to them, or behaviors by them, and anticipate the consequences.
As students read, they can make mental images of objects or organisms and imagine changes to them, or behaviors by them.
As students read, they can make mental images of objects or organisms and imagine changes to them.
behaviors by them, and anticipate the consequences.
In addition to visual processing, cognitive learning is also enhanced by remembering past experiences, touching physical objects, hearing sounds, tasting food, and a variety of other sensory-based inputs.
In addition to visual processing, cognitive learning is also enhanced by remembering past experiences, touching physical objects, hearing sounds, tasting food.
Cognitive learning is so powerful that it can be used to understand conditioning in detail.
In the reverse scenario, conditioning cannot help someone learn about cognition.
Classic work on cognitive learning was done by Wolfgang Köhler with chimpanzees.
He demonstrated that these animals were capable of abstract thought by showing that they could learn how to solve a puzzle.
This implies that they could visualize the result of stacking the boxes even before they had performed the action.
This type of learning is much more powerful and versatile than conditioning.
Cognitive learning is not limited to primates, although they are the most efficient in using it.
Maze running experiments done with rats by H.C. Blodgett in the 1920s were the first to show cognitive skills in a simple mammal.
The motivation for the animals to work their way through the maze was a piece of food at its end.
Group II rats were not fed in the maze for the first six days and subsequent runs were done with food starting at day seven.
Group III rats were not fed for two days, and runs with food started on day three.
Group III rats were not fed for two days.
The results were that the control rats, Group I, learned quickly, and figured out how to run the maze in seven days.
The results were that the control rats, Group I, learned quickly.
Group III did not learn much during the two days without food, but rapidly caught up to the control group when given the food reward.
The orange dots on the group II and III lines show the days when food rewards were added to the mazes.
It may not be immediately obvious that this type of learning is different than conditioning.
This was an early demonstration of the power of cognitive learning and how these abilities were not just limited to humans.
Sociobiology Sociobiology is an interdisciplinary science originally popularized by social insect researcher E.O. Wilson in the 1970s.
The main thrust of sociobiology is that animal and human behavior, including aggressiveness and other social interactions, can be explained almost solely in terms of genetics and natural selection.
This science is controversial; noted scientists such as the late Stephen Jay Gould criticized the approach for ignoring the environmental effects on behavior.
This science is controversial.
This is another example of the "nature versus nurture" debate of the role of genetics versus the role of environment in determining an organism's characteristics.
Sociobiology also links genes with behaviors and has been associated with "biological determinism," the belief that all behaviors are hardwired into our genes.
It is the application of such principles to human behavior that sparks this controversy, which remains active today.
Chapter Summary 45.1 Population Demography calculate life expectancies of individual population members.
Survivorship curves show the number of Populations are individuals of a species that live in a individuals surviving at each age interval plotted versus particular habitat.
Humans have increased the world's carrying capacity through migration, agriculture, All species have evolved a pattern of living, called a life medical advances, and communication.
Humans have increased the world's carrying capacity through migration, agriculture, All species have evolved a pattern of living, called a life medical advances.
The age history strategy, in which they partition energy for structure of a population allows us to predict growth, maintenance, and reproduction.
The age history strategy, in which they partition energy for structure of a population allows us to predict growth, maintenance.
Unchecked human population patterns evolve through natural selection; they allow growth could have dire long-term effects on our species to adapt to their environment to obtain the environment.
Unchecked human population patterns evolve through natural selection.
they allow growth could have dire long-term effects on our species to adapt to their environment to obtain the environment.
A species may reproduce early in life to Communities include all the different species living in a ensure surviving to a reproductive age or reproduce given area.
The variety of these species is called later in life to become larger and healthier and better species richness.
A species may reproduce defenses against predation and herbivory, including once or many times in its mechanical defenses, warning coloration, and mimicry, life.
A species may reproduce defenses against predation and herbivory, including once or many times in its mechanical defenses, warning coloration.
Two species cannot exist Growth in the same habitat competing directly for the same resources.
Species may form symbiotic relationships Populations with unlimited resources grow such as commensalism or mutualism.
When structure is described by its foundation and keystone resources become limiting, populations follow a species.
Communities respond to environmental logistic growth curve.
The population of a species will disturbances by succession (the predictable level off at the carrying capacity of its environment.
Populations are regulated by a variety of density- 45.7 Behavioral Biology: Proximate and dependent and density-independent factors.
Species Ultimate Causes of Behavior are divided into two categories based on a variety of Behaviors are responses to stimuli.
Instinctual and K-selection theory has fallen out of use; however, behaviors include mating systems and methods of many of its key features are still used in newer, communication.
Instinctual and K-selection theory has fallen out of use.
however, behaviors include mating systems and methods of many of its key features are still used in newer, communication.
Learned behaviors include imprinting demographically-based models of population and habituation, conditioning, and, most powerfully, dynamics.
The carrying capacity of seals would 2.
If the major food source of the remain the same, but the population of seals declines due to pollution or overfishing, seals would decrease.
The carrying capacity of seals would 3.
The carrying capacity of seals would are shown in stages 1 through 3.
What type of decrease, but the seal population would population change do you think stage 4 remain the same.
Species with limited resources usually exhibit d. life table a ________ growth curve.
How is a clumped population distribution ________.
Prey animals rely on each other to acquire food.
Species that have many offspring at one time are c. Prey animals live in small family groups to usually: raise young.
A forest fire is an example of ________ 8.
Which of the following is associated with long- regulation.
Primates are examples of: 9.
c. Emsleyan/Mertensian mimicry b. Wild giraffes begin mating at 6-7 years of d. Mertensian mimicry age.
c. Newborn giraffes are capable of 24.
Giraffes rarely give birth to twins.
A country with zero population growth is likely to d. bacteria living in the gut of humans be ________.
The ability of rats to learn how to run a maze is b. in Asia an example of ________.
c. economically developed a. imprinting d. economically underdeveloped b. classical conditioning c. operant conditioning 20.
a. economically developed 27.
The training of animals usually involves b. economically underdeveloped ________.
b. keystone species a. Only males are capable of multiple rounds c. foundation species of reproduction within a single breeding d. pioneer species season.
Only females care for the young.
multiple species c. Females usually experience more with similar warning coloration that are all toxic intrasexual selection pressure than males.
Females usually devote more energy to a. Batesian mimicry offspring production and development.
The CDC released the following data in its 2013 Vital shaped curve of logistic growth.
Since the introduction of the Endangered Species Act the number of species on the 31-40 1,234 98,164 protected list has more than doubled.
Jaguars are a keystone species in the Amazon.
Why is long-term parental care not associated 42.