# Biology2e Chapter 47 — Conservation Biology and Biodiversity
# Auto-extracted from Biology2e-WEB.txt via ingest_biology2e.py
# Fact count: 521

INTRODUCTION In the 1980s, biologists working in Lake Victoria in Africa discovered one of the most extraordinary products of evolution on the planet.
Biologists were studying species of a family of fish called cichlids.
When they sampled for fish in different locations of the lake, the researchers identified over 500 evolved species in total.
However, the scientists soon discovered that the invasive Nile Perch was destroying the lake's cichlid population, bringing hundreds of cichlid species to extinction with devastating rapidity.
Biodiversity can be estimated at a number of levels of organization of living organisms.
However, biologists recognize that measures of biodiversity, in terms of species diversity, may help focus efforts to preserve the biologically or technologically important elements of biodiversity.
The Lake Victoria cichlids provide an example with which we can begin to understand biodiversity.
The cichlids of Lake Victoria are the product of a complex adaptive radiation.
Typically, the species "radiate" into different habitats and niches.
The Galápagos Island finches are an example of a modest adaptive radiation with 15 species.
The cichlids of Lake Victoria are an example of a spectacular adaptive radiation that formerly included about 500 species.
At the time biologists were making this discovery, some species began to quickly disappear.
The Nile perch was introduced in 1963, but its populations did not begin to surge until the 1980s.
The perch population grew by consuming cichlids, driving species after species to the point of extinction.
The diversity is now a shadow of what it once was.
The cichlids of Lake Victoria are a thumbnail sketch of contemporary rapid species loss that occurs all over Earth that is caused primarily by human activity.
Extinction is a natural process of macroevolution that occurs at the rate of about one out of 1 million species becoming extinct per year.
Specifically, three human activities have a major impact: 1) destruction of habitat, 2) introduction of exotic species, and 3) over-harvesting.
Specifically, three human activities have a major impact: 1) destruction of habitat, 2) introduction of exotic species.
Predictions of species loss within the next century, a tiny amount of time on geological timescales, range from 10 percent to 50 percent.
Types of Biodiversity Scientists generally accept that the term biodiversity describes the number and kinds of species and their abundance in a given location or on the planet.
Species can be difficult to define, but most biologists still feel comfortable with the concept and are able to identify and count eukaryotic species in most contexts.
Biologists have also identified alternate measures of biodiversity, some of which are important for planning how to preserve biodiversity.
Genetic diversity is one of those alternate concepts.
Genetic diversity, or genetic variation defines the raw material for evolution and adaptation in a species.
genetic variation defines the raw material for evolution and adaptation in a species.
A species' future potential for adaptation depends on the genetic diversity held in the genomes of the individuals in populations that make up the species.
different types of species will have more genetic diversity than a genus with species that are genetically similar and have similar ecologies.
Many genes code for proteins, which in turn carry out the metabolic processes that keep organisms alive and reproducing.
This chemical diversity has potential benefit for humans as a source of pharmaceuticals, so it provides one way to measure diversity that is important to human health and welfare.
Humans have generated diversity in domestic animals, plants, and fungi, among many other organisms.
Humans have generated diversity in domestic animals, plants.
This diversity is also suffering losses because of migration, market forces, and increasing globalism in agriculture, especially in densely populated regions such as China, India, and Japan.
This diversity is also suffering losses because of migration, market forces.
The human population directly depends on this diversity as a stable food source, and its decline is troubling biologists and agricultural scientists.
The human population directly depends on this diversity as a stable food source.
its decline is troubling biologists and agricultural scientists.
An example of a largely extinct ecosystem in North America is the prairie ecosystem.
Prairies once spanned central North America from the boreal forest in northern Canada down into Mexico.
They are now all but gone, replaced by crop fields, pasture lands, and suburban sprawl.
They are now all but gone, replaced by crop fields, pasture lands.
As a consequence, native soils are disappearing or must be maintained and enhanced at great expense.
Estimates of numbers of prokaryotic species are largely guesses, but biologists agree that science has only begun to catalog their diversity.
It is a best guess based on the opinions of experts in different taxonomic groups.
the internet is facilitating that effort.
Over time, the task becomes both increasingly difficult and increasingly easier as extinction removes species from the planet.
Naming and counting species may seem like an unimportant pursuit given the other needs of humanity, but determining biodiversity it is not simply an accounting of species.
It allows biologists to find and recognize the species after the initial discovery, and allows them to follow up on questions about its biology.
It allows biologists to find and recognize the species after the initial discovery.
In addition, the unique characteristics of each species make it potentially valuable to humans or other species on which humans depend.
Patterns of Biodiversity Biodiversity is not evenly distributed on Earth.
Lake Victoria contained almost 500 species of cichlids alone, ignoring the other fish families present in the lake.
All of these species were found only in Lake Victoria; therefore, the 500 species of cichlids were endemic.
All of these species were found only in Lake Victoria.
therefore, the 500 species of cichlids were endemic.
Endemic species are found in only one location.
Endemics with highly restricted distributions are particularly vulnerable to extinction.
Higher taxonomic levels, such as genera and families, can also be endemic.
Lake Michigan contains about 79 species of fish, many of which are found in other lakes in North America.
Lake Victoria is an ancient tropical lake, while Lake Michigan is a recently formed temperate lake.
Lake Victoria is an ancient tropical lake.
Lake Michigan is a recently formed temperate lake.
Biogeographers have suggested these two factors, latitude and age, are two of several hypotheses to explain biodiversity patterns on the planet.
Biogeographer Biogeography is the study of the distribution of the world's species—both in the past and in the present.
Biogeographers need to understand both biology and ecology.
They also need to be well-versed in evolutionary studies, soil science, and climatology.
They also need to be well-versed in evolutionary studies, soil science.
Ecological biogeography studies the current factors affecting the distribution of plants and animals.
Historical biogeography, as the name implies, studies the past distribution of species.
Conservation biogeography, on the other hand, is focused on the protection and restoration of species based upon known historical and current ecological information.
Each of these fields considers both zoogeography and phytogeography—the past and present distribution of animals and plants.
This map illustrates the number of amphibian species across the globe and shows the trend toward higher biodiversity at lower latitudes.
A similar pattern is observed for most taxonomic groups.
The white areas indicate a lack of data in this particular study.
It is not yet clear why biodiversity increases closer to the equator, but scientists have several hypotheses.
regions were largely devoid of life or were drastically reduced during the last glaciation.
The idea is that greater age provides more time for speciation.
Another possible explanation is the increased direct energy the tropics receive from the sun versus the decreased intensity of the solar energy that temperate and polar regions receive.
Tropical ecosystem complexity may promote speciation by increasing the heterogeneity, or number of ecological niches, in the tropics relative to higher latitudes.
Tropical ecosystem complexity may promote speciation by increasing the heterogeneity.
The greater heterogeneity provides more opportunities for coevolution, specialization, and perhaps greater selection pressures leading to population differentiation.
The greater heterogeneity provides more opportunities for coevolution, specialization.
The tropics have been perceived as being more stable than temperate regions, which have a pronounced climate and day-length seasonality.
Regardless of the mechanisms, it is certainly true that all levels of biodiversity are greatest in the tropics.
However, this richness of diversity also means that knowledge of species is unfortunately very low, and there is a high potential for biodiversity loss.
However, this richness of diversity also means that knowledge of species is unfortunately very low.
Conservation of Biodiversity In 1988, British environmentalist Norman Myers developed a conservation concept to identify areas rich in species and at significant risk for species loss: biodiversity hotspots.
Biodiversity hotspots are geographical areas that contain high numbers of endemic species.
The purpose of the concept was to identify important locations on the planet for conservation efforts, a kind of conservation triage.
By protecting hotspots, governments are able to protect a larger number of species.
The original criteria for a hotspot included the presence of 1500 or more endemic plant species and 70 percent of the area disturbed by human activity.
Both are natural "birth" and "death" processes of macroevolution.
When speciation rates begin to outstrip extinction rates, the number of species will increase; likewise, the number of species will decrease when extinction rates begin to overtake speciation rates.
likewise, the number of species will decrease when extinction rates begin to overtake speciation rates.
In most cases, the hypothesized causes are still controversial; however, the most recent mass extinction event seems clear.
In most cases, the hypothesized causes are still controversial.
however, the most recent mass extinction event seems clear.
The transition in fossils from one period to another reflects the dramatic loss of species and the gradual origin of new species.
These transitions can be seen in the rock strata.
The Ordovician-Silurian extinction event is the first recorded mass extinction and the second largest.
During this period, about 85 percent of marine species became extinct.
The main hypothesis for its cause is a period of glaciation and then warming.
The first event was caused by cooling, and the second event was due to the subsequent warming.
The first event was caused by cooling.
the second event was due to the subsequent warming.
The climate changes affected temperatures and sea levels.
Some researchers have suggested that a gamma-ray burst, caused by a nearby supernova, was a possible cause of the Ordovician- Silurian extinction.
The hypothesis is very speculative, and extraterrestrial influences on Earth's history are an active line of research.
The hypothesis is very speculative.
extraterrestrial influences on Earth's history are an active line of research.
Recovery of biodiversity after the mass extinction took from 5 to 20 million years, depending on the location.
The late Devonian extinction may have occurred over a relatively long period of time.
It appears to have mostly affected marine species and not so much the plants or animals inhabiting terrestrial habitats.
During this time 75 percent of all species became extinct.
The causes of this extinction are poorly understood.
The end-Permian extinction was the largest in the history of life.
Indeed, an argument could be made that Earth became nearly devoid of life during this extinction event.
Estimates are that 96 percent of all marine species and 70 percent of all terrestrial species were lost.
It was at this time, for example, that the trilobites, a group that survived the Ordovician–Silurian extinction, became extinct.
The causes for this mass extinction are not clear, but the leading suspect is extended and widespread volcanic activity that led to a runaway global-warming event.
The oceans became largely anoxic, suffocating marine life.
Terrestrial tetrapod diversity took 30 million years to recover after the end-Permian extinction.
The Permian extinction dramatically altered Earth's biodiversity makeup and the course of evolution.
The causes of the Triassic–Jurassic extinction event are not clear, and researchers argue hypotheses including climate change, asteroid impact, and volcanic eruptions.
The causes of the Triassic–Jurassic extinction event are not clear.
researchers argue hypotheses including climate change, asteroid impact.
The extinction event occurred just before the breakup of the supercontinent Pangaea, although recent scholarship suggests that the extinctions may have occurred more gradually throughout the Triassic.
During this time 76 to 80 percent of all species became extinct.
The causes of the end-Cretaceous extinction event are the ones that are best understood.
Overall, during this time period about 75 percent of all species became extinct.
This boundary marked the disappearance of the dinosaurs in fossils as well as many other taxa.
It was a radical explanation, but the report of an appropriately aged and sized impact crater in 1991 made the hypothesis more believable.
Now an abundance of geological evidence supports the theory.
Recovery times for biodiversity after the end-Cretaceous extinction are shorter, in geological time, than for the end- Permian extinction, on the order of 10 million years.
These researchers hypothesized that this iridium spike was caused by an asteroid impact that resulted in the K–Pg mass extinction.
In the photo, the iridium layer is the light band.
Scientists measured the relative abundance of fern spores above and below the K–Pg boundary in this rock sample.
a. An abundance of fern spores from several species was found below the K–Pg boundary, but none was found above.
An abundance of fern spores from several species was found above the K–Pg boundary, but none was found below.
Many species of fern spores were found both above and below the boundary, but the total number of spores was greater below the boundary.
The Pleistocene Extinction The Pleistocene Extinction is one of the lesser extinctions, and a recent one.
The Pleistocene Extinction The Pleistocene Extinction is one of the lesser extinctions.
It is well known that the North American, and to some degree Eurasian, megafauna—large vertebrate animals—disappeared toward the end of the last glaciation period.
It is well known that the North American.
The extinction appears to have happened in a relatively restricted time period of 10,000–12,000 years ago.
In the early 1900s, scientists first suggested the possibility that over-hunting caused the rapid extinction of these large animals.
In North America, the extinctions of almost all of the large mammals occurred 10,000–12,000 years ago.
All that are left are the smaller mammals such as bears, elk, moose, and cougars.
All that are left are the smaller mammals such as bears, elk, moose.
Finally, on many remote oceanic islands, the extinctions of many species occurred coincidentally with human arrivals.
Not all of the islands had large animals, but when there were large animals, they were often forced into extinction.
Madagascar was colonized about 2,000 years ago and the large mammals that lived there became extinct.
Rather, humans arrived in Eurasia hundreds of thousands of years ago.
This topic remains an area of active research and hypothesizing.
It seems clear that even if climate played a role, in most cases human hunting precipitated the extinctions.
Recent Extinctions The sixth, or Holocene, mass extinction appears to have begun earlier than previously believed and is largely due to the disruptive activities of modern Homo sapiens.
Holocene, mass extinction appears to have begun earlier than previously believed and is largely due to the disruptive activities of modern Homo sapiens.
The odd pigeon-like bird lived in the forests of Mauritius and became extinct around 1662.
The dodo was hunted for its meat by sailors and was easy prey because it approached people without fear.
Pigs, rats, and dogs brought to the island by European ships also killed dodo young and eggs.
dogs brought to the island by European ships also killed dodo young and eggs.
Steller's sea cow became extinct in 1768.
it was related to the manatee and probably once lived along the northwest coast of North America.
Steller's sea cow was first discovered by Europeans in 1741 and was overhunted for meat and oil.
The last sea cow was killed in 1768.
• In 1914, the last living passenger pigeon died in a zoo in Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Carolina parakeet, once common in the eastern United States, died out in 1918.
It suffered habitat loss and was hunted to prevent it from eating orchard fruit.
The Japanese sea lion, which inhabited a broad area around Japan and the coast of Korea, became extinct in the 1950s due to fishermen.
The Caribbean monk seal was distributed throughout the Caribbean Sea but was driven to extinction via hunting by 1952.
These are only a few of the recorded extinctions in the past 500 years.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature keeps a list of extinct and endangered species called the Red List.
The list is not complete, but it describes 380 extinct species of vertebrates after 1500 AD, 86 of which were driven extinct by overhunting or overfishing.
Estimates of Present-Time Extinction Rates Estimates of extinction rates are hampered by the fact that most extinctions are probably happening without observation.
The extinction of a bird or mammal is likely to be noticed by humans, especially if it has been hunted or used in some other way.
The background extinction rate is estimated to be about one per million species per year.
For example, assuming there are about ten million species in existence, the expectation is that ten species would become extinct each year.
One contemporary extinction rate estimate uses the extinctions in the written record since the year 1500.
For birds alone this method yields an estimate of 26 E/MSY.
However, this value may be an underestimate for three reasons.
First, many species would not have been described until much later in the time period, so their loss would have gone unnoticed.
Second, the number of recently extinct vertebrate species is increasing because extinct species now are being described from skeletal remains.
And third, some species are probably already extinct even though conservationists are reluctant to name them as such.
The predicted rate by the end of the century is 1500 E/MSY.
A second approach to estimating present-time extinction rates is to correlate species loss with habitat loss by measuring forest-area loss and understanding species-area relationships.
at which new species are seen when the area surveyed is increased.
Studies have shown that the number of species present increases as the size of the island increases.
This phenomenon has also been shown to hold true in other island-like habitats as well, such as the mountain-top tepuis of Venezuela, which are surrounded by tropical forest.
Turning this relationship around, if the habitat area is reduced, the number of species living there will also decline.
Estimates of extinction rates based on habitat loss and species-area relationships have suggested that with about 90 percent habitat loss an expected 50 percent of species would become extinct.
Species-area estimates have led to species extinction rate calculations of about 1000 E/MSY and higher.
In general, actual observations do not show this amount of loss and suggestions have been made that there is a delay in extinction.
Recent work has also called into question the applicability of the species-area relationship when estimating the loss of species.
This work argues that the species-area relationship leads to an overestimate of extinction rates.
A better relationship to use may be the endemics-area relationship.
It may not be clear why biologists are concerned about biodiversity loss.
When biodiversity loss is thought of as the extinction of the passenger pigeon, the dodo bird, and even the woolly mammoth, the loss may appear to be an emotional one.
When biodiversity loss is thought of as the extinction of the passenger pigeon, the dodo bird.
even the woolly mammoth, the loss may appear to be an emotional one.
Extinction is a normal part of macroevolution.
This cultural transition has made it difficult for humans to recognize their dependence on undomesticated living things on the planet.
Biologists recognize the human species is embedded in ecosystems and is dependent on them, just as every other species on the planet is dependent.
Human Health Archeological evidence indicates that humans have been using plants for medicinal uses for thousands of years.
such references occur throughout the global historical record.
Contemporary indigenous societies that live close to the land often retain broad knowledge of the medicinal uses of plants growing in their area.
Most plants produce secondary plant compounds, which are toxins used to protect the plant from insects and other animals that eat them, but some of which also work as medication.
Modern pharmaceutical science also recognizes the importance of these plant compounds.
Many medicines were once derived from plant extracts but are now synthesized.
It is estimated that, at one time, 25 percent of modern drugs contained at least one plant extract.
That number has probably decreased to about 10 percent as natural plant ingredients are replaced by synthetic versions.
Antibiotics, which are responsible for extraordinary improvements in health and lifespans in developed countries, are compounds largely derived from fungi and bacteria.
Among other uses, it is a source of vincristine, a drug used in the treatment of lymphomas.
In recent years, animal venoms and poisons have excited intense research for their medicinal potential.
By 2007, the FDA had approved five drugs based on animal toxins to treat diseases such as hypertension, chronic pain, and diabetes.
By 2007, the FDA had approved five drugs based on animal toxins to treat diseases such as hypertension, chronic pain.
Another five drugs are undergoing clinical trials, and at least six drugs are being used in other countries.
Another five drugs are undergoing clinical trials.
at least six drugs are being used in other countries.
Other toxins under investigation come from mammals, snakes, lizards, various amphibians, fish, snails, octopuses, and scorpions.
Other toxins under investigation come from mammals, snakes, lizards, various amphibians, fish, snails, octopuses.
Aside from representing billions of dollars in profits, these medicines improve people's lives.
Pharmaceutical companies are always looking for new compounds synthesized by living organisms that can function as medicines.
The opportunities for new medications will be reduced in direct proportion to the disappearance of species.
Agricultural Diversity Since the beginning of human agriculture more than 10,000 years ago, human groups have been breeding and selecting crop varieties.
This crop diversity matched the cultural diversity of highly subdivided populations of humans.
For example, potatoes were domesticated beginning around 7,000 years ago in the central Andes of Peru and Bolivia.
The potatoes grown in that region belong to seven species and the number of varieties likely is in the thousands.
Even the Inca capital of Machu Picchu had numerous gardens growing varieties of potatoes.
Potatoes are only one example of human-generated diversity.
The potato also demonstrates risks of low crop diversity.
variety grown in Ireland became susceptible to a potato blight, wiping out the entire crop.
The loss of the potato crop led to mass famine and the related deaths of over one million people, as well as mass emigration of nearly two million people.
Disease resistance is a chief benefit of crop biodiversity, and lack of diversity in contemporary crop species carries similar risks.
Disease resistance is a chief benefit of crop biodiversity.
lack of diversity in contemporary crop species carries similar risks.
Seed companies, which are the source of most crop varieties in developed countries, must continually breed new varieties to keep up with evolving pest organisms.
These same seed companies, however, have participated in the decline of the number of varieties available as they focus on selling fewer varieties in more areas of the world.
The ability to create new crop varieties relies on the diversity of varieties available and the accessibility of wild forms related to the crop plant.
These wild forms are often the source of new gene variants that can be bred with existing varieties to create varieties with new attributes.
Loss of wild species related to a crop will mean the loss of potential in crop improvement.
Since the 1920s, government agriculture departments have maintained seed banks of crop varieties as a way of maintaining crop diversity.
This system has flaws because, over time, seed banks are lost through accidents, and there is no way to replace them.
This system has flaws because, over time, seed banks are lost through accidents.
If a regional seed bank stores varieties in Svalbard, losses can be replaced from Svalbard.
The Svalbard Global Seed Vault is a storage facility for seeds of Earth's diverse crops.
The Svalbard Global Seed Vault is located on Spitsbergen island in Norway, which has an arctic climate.
Crop success is largely dependent on the quality of the soil.
These organisms also maintain soil texture that affects water and oxygen dynamics in the soil that are necessary for plant growth.
If farmers had to maintain arable soil using alternate means, the cost of food would be much higher than it is now.
Plant pollination is another key ecosystem service, provided by various species of bees, other insects, and birds.
Plant pollination is another key ecosystem service, provided by various species of bees, other insects.
One estimate indicates that honey bee pollination provides the United States a $1.6 billion annual benefit.
Honey bee populations in North America have been suffering large losses caused by a syndrome known as colony collapse disorder, whose cause is unclear.
Finally, humans compete for their food with crop pests, most of which are insects.
Pesticides control these competitors; however, pesticides are costly and lose their effectiveness over time as pest populations adapt and evolve.
Pesticides control these competitors.
however, pesticides are costly and lose their effectiveness over time as pest populations adapt and evolve.
They also lead to collateral damage by killing non-pest species and risking the health of consumers and agricultural workers.
Ecologists believe that the bulk of the work in removing pests is actually done by predators and parasites of those pests, but the impact has not been well studied.
An experimental study found that introducing multiple enemies of pea aphids increased the yield of alfalfa significantly.
Loss of diversity in pest enemies will inevitably make it more difficult and costly to grow food.
Wild Food Sources In addition to growing crops and raising animals for food, humans obtain food resources from wild populations, primarily fish populations.
In fact, for approximately 1 billion people worldwide, aquatic resources provide the main source of animal protein.
But since 1990, global fish production has declined, sometimes dramatically.
Unfortunately, and despite considerable effort, few fisheries on the planet are managed for sustainability.
despite considerable effort, few fisheries on the planet are managed for sustainability.
In addition to humans losing the food source, these alterations affect many other species in ways that are difficult or impossible to predict.
The collapse of fisheries has dramatic and long-lasting effects on local populations that work in the fishery.
In addition, the loss of an inexpensive protein source to populations that cannot afford to replace it will increase the cost of living and limit societies in other ways.
In general, the fish taken from fisheries have shifted to smaller species as larger species are fished to extinction.
The ultimate outcome could clearly be the loss of aquatic systems as food sources.
Psychological and Moral Value Finally, it has been clearly shown that humans benefit psychologically from living in a biodiverse world.
A chief proponent of this idea is Harvard entomologist E. O. Wilson.
He argues that human evolutionary history has adapted us to live in a natural environment and that city environments generate psychological stressors that affect human health and well-being.
The core threat to biodiversity on the planet, and therefore a threat to human welfare, is the combination of human population growth and resource exploitation.
therefore a threat to human welfare, is the combination of human population growth and resource exploitation.
The human population requires resources to survive and grow, and those resources are being removed unsustainably from the environment.
The human population requires resources to survive and grow.
those resources are being removed unsustainably from the environment.
The three greatest proximate threats to biodiversity are habitat loss, overharvesting, and the introduction of exotic species.
The three greatest proximate threats to biodiversity are habitat loss, overharvesting.
A fourth major cause of extinction, anthropogenic climate change, has not yet had a large impact, but it is predicted to become significant during this century.
Environmental issues, such as toxic pollution, have specific targeted effects on species, but they are not generally seen as threats at the magnitude of the others.
Scientists predict that the addition of this "greenhouse gas" to the atmosphere is resulting in climate change that will significantly impact biodiversity in the coming century.
Habitat Loss Humans rely on technology to modify their environment and replace certain functions that were once performed by the natural ecosystem.
Other species cannot do this.
Elimination of their ecosystem—whether it is a forest, a desert, a grassland, a freshwater estuarine, or a marine environment—will kill the individuals belonging to the species.
a marine environment—will kill the individuals belonging to the species.
The species will become extinct if we remove the entire habitat within the range of a species.
Human destruction of habitats accelerated in the latter half of the twentieth century.
The neighboring island of Borneo, home to the other species of orangutan, has lost a similar area of forest.
Forest loss continues in protected areas of Borneo.
Palm oil is used in many products including food products, cosmetics, and biodiesel in Europe.
Palm oil is used in many products including food products, cosmetics.
A five-year estimate of global forest cover loss for the years 2000–2005 was 3.1 percent.
In the humid tropics where forest loss is primarily from timber extraction, 272,000 km2 was lost out of a global total of 11,564,000 km2.
In the tropics, these losses certainly also represent the extinction of species because of high levels of endemism—species unique to a defined geographic location, and found nowhere else.
In the tropics, these losses certainly also represent the extinction of species because of high levels of endemism—species unique to a defined geographic location.
These animals are examples of the exceptional biodiversity of the islands of Sumatra and Borneo.
Other species include the Sumatran tiger and the Sumatran elephant, both critically endangered species.
Rainforest habitat is being removed to make way for oil palm plantations such as this one in Borneo's Sabah Province.
EVERYDAY CONNECTION Preventing Habitat Destruction with Wise Wood Choices Most consumers are not aware that the home improvement products they buy might be contributing to habitat loss and species extinctions.
Yet the market for illegally harvested tropical timber is huge, and the wood products often find themselves in building supply stores in the United States.
Yet the market for illegally harvested tropical timber is huge.
the wood products often find themselves in building supply stores in the United States.
One estimate is that 10 percent of the imported timber stream in the United States, which is the world's largest consumer of wood products, is potentially illegally logged.
In 2006, this amounted to $3.6 billion in wood products.
their certification on flooring and other hardwood products is one way to ensure that the wood has not been taken illegally from a tropical forest.
Certification applies to specific products, not to a producer; some producers' products may not have certification while other products are certified.
Certification applies to specific products, not to a producer.
some producers' products may not have certification while other products are certified.
While there are other industry- backed certifications other than the FSC, these are unreliable due to lack of independence from the industry.
Another approach is to buy domestic wood species.
While it would be great if there was a list of legal versus illegal wood products, it is not that simple.
Logging and forest management laws vary from country to country.
Habitat destruction can affect ecosystems other than forests.
Rivers and streams are important ecosystems that are frequently modified through land development, damming, channelizing, or water removal.
Rivers and streams are important ecosystems that are frequently modified through land development, damming, channelizing.
For example, an estimated 91 percent of United States rivers have been altered in some way.
Modifications include dams, to create energy or store water; levees, to prevent flooding; and dredging or rerouting, to create land that is more suitable for human development.
Modifications include dams, to create energy or store water.
Many fish and amphibian species and numerous freshwater clams in the United States have seen declines caused by river damming and habitat loss.
Excessive soil erosion after forest removal, for example, can remove fertile soil and make river water toxic.
Scientists and conservationists such as Wangari Maathai, who founded the Green Belt movement in Kenya, focus on replanting trees to repair habitats and prevent damage from deforestation.
Maathai was awarded a Nobel Prize for her work, but unfortunately passed away in 2011.
The western Atlantic cod fishery is the among the most significant.
While it was a hugely productive fishery for 400 years, the introduction of modern factory trawlers in the 1980s caused it to become unsustainable.
Fisheries collapse as a result of both economic and political factors.
Fisheries are managed as a shared international resource even when the fishing territory lies within an individual country's territorial waters.
Overexploitation is a common outcome.
In a few fisheries, the biological growth of the resource is less than the potential growth of the profits made from fishing if that time and money were invested elsewhere.
In these cases—whales are an example—economic forces will always drive toward fishing the population to extinction.
For the most part, fishery extinction is not equivalent to biological extinction—the last fish of a species is rarely fished out of the ocean.
At the same time, fishery extinction is still harmful to fish species and their ecosystems.
Whales have slow-growing populations due to low reproductive rates, and therefore are at risk of complete extinction through hunting.
Whales have slow-growing populations due to low reproductive rates.
The groupers are another population of generally slow-growing fishes that, in the Caribbean, includes a number of species that are at risk of extinction from overfishing.
Coral reefs are extremely diverse marine ecosystems that face immediate peril from several processes.
Most home marine aquaria are stocked with wild-caught organisms, not cultured organisms.
Bush meat is the generic term used for wild animals killed for food.
Additionally, human population growth has increased the need for protein foods that are not being met from agriculture.
Species threatened by the bush meat trade are mostly mammals including many primates living in the Congo basin.
Exotic Species Exotic species are species that have been intentionally or unintentionally introduced into an ecosystem in which they did not evolve.
For example, Kudzu, which is native to Japan, was introduced in the United States in 1876.
It was later planted for soil conservation.
Problematically, it grows too well in the southeastern United States—up to a foot a day.
It is now an invasive pest species and covers over 7 million acres in the southeastern United States.
If an introduced species is able to survive in its new habitat, that introduction is now reflected in the observed range of the species.
Most exotic species introductions probably fail because of the low number of individuals introduced or poor adaptation to the ecosystem they enter.
Some species, however, possess pre-adaptations that can make them especially successful in a new ecosystem.
These exotic species often undergo dramatic population increases in their new habitat and reset the ecological conditions in the new environment, threatening the species that exist there.
For this reason, exotic species are also called invasive species.
Exotic species can threaten other species through competition for resources, predation, or disease.
Exotic species can threaten other species through competition for resources, predation.
For example, the Eurasian star thistle, also called spotted knapweed, has invaded and rendered useless some of the open prairies of the western states.
However, it is a great nectar-bearing flower for the production of honey and supports numerous pollinating insects, including migrating monarch butterflies in the north-central states such as Michigan.
Lakes and islands are particularly vulnerable to extinction threats from introduced species.
In Lake Victoria, as mentioned earlier, the intentional introduction of the Nile perch was largely responsible for the extinction of about 200 species of endemic cichlids.
Several other species are still threatened.
The brown tree snake is adept at exploiting human transportation as a means to migrate; one was even found on an aircraft arriving in Corpus Christi, Texas.
The brown tree snake is adept at exploiting human transportation as a means to migrate.
Constant vigilance on the part of airport, military, and commercial aircraft personnel is required to prevent the snake from moving from Guam to other islands in the Pacific, especially Hawaii.
commercial aircraft personnel is required to prevent the snake from moving from Guam to other islands in the Pacific, especially Hawaii.
The brown tree snake, Boiga irregularis, is an exotic species that has caused numerous extinctions on the island of Guam since its accidental introduction in 1950.
It may well be that biologists themselves are responsible for spreading this disease worldwide.
It also is a voracious predator in freshwater lakes.
This Limosa Harlequin Frog, an endangered species from Panama, died from a fungal disease called chytridiomycosis.
The red lesions are symptomatic of the disease.
The disease has decimated bat populations and threatens extinction of species already listed as endangered: the Indiana bat, Myotis sodalis, and potentially the Virginia big-eared bat, Corynorhinus townsendii virginianus.
The disease has decimated bat populations and threatens extinction of species already listed as endangered: the Indiana bat, Myotis sodalis.
logical presumption would be that recreational cavers unintentionally brought the fungus on clothes or equipment from Europe.
This little brown bat in Greeley Mine, Vermont, March 26, 2009, was found to have white-nose syndrome.
Scientists disagree about the likely magnitude of the effects, with extinction rate estimates ranging from 15 percent to 40 percent of species destined for extinction by 2050.
The warming trend will shift colder climates toward the north and south poles, forcing species to move with their adapted climate norms while facing habitat gaps along the way.
The shifting ranges will impose new competitive regimes on species as they find themselves in contact with other species not present in their historic range.
One such unexpected species contact is between polar bears and grizzly bears.
Previously, these two distinct species had separate ranges.
Changing climates also throw off species' delicate timed adaptations to seasonal food resources and breeding times.
Many contemporary mismatches to shifts in resource availability and timing have already been documented.
As a result, grizzly bear habitat now overlaps polar bear habitat.
However, in 2006 a hunter shot a wild grizzly-polar bear hybrid known as a grolar bear, the first wild hybrid ever found.
Range shifts are already being observed: for example, some European bird species ranges have moved 91 km northward.
The same study suggested that the optimal shift based on warming trends was double that distance, suggesting that the populations are not moving quickly enough.
Range shifts have also been observed in plants, butterflies, other insects, freshwater fishes, reptiles, and mammals.
Range shifts have also been observed in plants, butterflies, other insects, freshwater fishes, reptiles.
Climate gradients will also move up mountains, eventually crowding species higher in altitude and eliminating the habitat for those species adapted to the highest elevations.
Some climates will completely disappear.
The accelerating rate of warming in the arctic significantly reduces snowfall and the formation of sea ice.
Without the ice, species like polar bears cannot successfully hunt seals, which are their only reliable source of food.
the rate of decline observed in recent years is far greater than previously predicted.
Finally, global warming will raise ocean levels due to meltwater from glaciers and the greater volume of warmer water.
a number of islands will disappear entirely.
Additionally, the gradual melting and subsequent refreezing of the poles, glaciers, and higher elevation mountains—a cycle that has provided freshwater to environments for centuries—will also be jeopardized.
higher elevation mountains—a cycle that has provided freshwater to environments for centuries—will also be jeopardized.
This could result in an overabundance of salt water and a shortage of fresh water.
Preserving biodiversity is an extraordinary challenge that must be met by greater understanding of biodiversity itself, changes in human behavior and beliefs, and various preservation strategies.
Preserving biodiversity is an extraordinary challenge that must be met by greater understanding of biodiversity itself, changes in human behavior and beliefs.
However, plants may be barcoded using a combination of chloroplast genes.
Rapid mass sequencing machines make the molecular genetics portion of the work relatively inexpensive and quick.
Projects are currently underway to use DNA barcoding to catalog museum specimens, which have already been named and studied, as well as testing the method on less-studied groups.
Early studies suggest there are significant numbers of undescribed species that looked too much like sibling species to previously be recognized as different.
These now can be identified with DNA barcoding.
Numerous computer databases now provide information about named species and a framework for adding new species.
However, as already noted, at the present rate of description of new species, it will take close to 500 years before the complete catalog of life is known.
Many, perhaps most, species on the planet do not have that much time.
The Red List is supported by scientific research.
In 2011, the list contained 61,000 species, all with supporting documentation.
This chart shows the percentage of various animal species, by group, on the IUCN Red List as of 2007.
A greater percentage of bird species are critically endangered than mollusk species.
The legislation includes international treaties as well as national and state laws.
The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora treaty came into force in 1975.
The treaty is limited in its reach because it only deals with international movement of organisms or their parts.
It is also limited by various countries' ability or willingness to enforce the treaty and supporting legislation.
The illegal trade in organisms and their parts is probably a market in the hundreds of millions of dollars.
Illegal wildlife trade is monitored by another non-profit: Trade Records Analysis of Flora and Fauna in Commerce.
In the United States, the Endangered Species Act was enacted in 1973.
Additionally, species may be controversially taken off the list without necessarily having had a change in their situation.
At the same time, the Act has a critical habitat provision outlined in the recovery mechanism that may benefit species other than the one targeted for management.
The Act now lists over 800 protected species.
It makes it illegal to disturb or kill the protected species or distribute their parts.
As already mentioned, the private non-profit sector plays a large role in the conservation effort both in North America and around the world.
The Nature Conservancy takes a novel approach.
It purchases land and protects it in an attempt to set up preserves for ecosystems.
Although it is focused largely on reducing carbon and related emissions, the Paris Climate Agreement is a significant step toward altering human behavior in a way that should affect biodiversity.
Assessments of the accord's implementation will not take place until 2023, and measurement of its effects will not be feasible for some time.
Assessments of the accord's implementation will not take place until 2023.
measurement of its effects will not be feasible for some time.
Conservation in Preserves Establishment of wildlife and ecosystem preserves is one of the key tools in conservation efforts.
A preserve is an area of land set aside with varying degrees of protection for the organisms that exist within the boundaries of the preserve.
Due to the way protected lands are allocated and the way biodiversity is distributed, it is challenging to determine how much land or marine habitat should be protected.
The IUCN World Parks Congress estimated that 11.5 percent of Earth's land surface was covered by preserves of various kinds in 2003.
We should note that this area is greater than previous goals; however, it only includes 9 out of 14 recognized major biomes.
We should note that this area is greater than previous goals.
however, it only includes 9 out of 14 recognized major biomes.
Similarly, individual animals or types of animals are not equally represented on preserves.
For example, high quality preserves include only about 50 percent of threatened amphibian species.
Researchers indicate that more attention to the latter solution is required.
Preserve Design There has been extensive research into optimal preserve designs for maintaining biodiversity.
The fundamental principle behind much of the research has been the seminal theoretical work of Robert H. MacArthur and Edward O. 5 Wilson published in 1967 on island biogeography.
This work sought to understand the factors affecting biodiversity on islands.
The fundamental conclusion was that biodiversity on an island was a function of the origin of species through migration, speciation, and extinction on that island.
The fundamental conclusion was that biodiversity on an island was a function of the origin of species through migration, speciation.
Islands farther from a mainland are harder to get to, so migration is lower and the equilibrium number of species is lower.
In addition, smaller islands are harder to find, so their immigration rates for new species are typically lower.
And finally, smaller islands support smaller populations, so the probability of extinction is higher.
For a species to persist in a preserve, the preserve must be large enough to support it.
The critical size depends, in part, on the home range that is characteristic of the species.
A preserve for wolves, which range hundreds of kilometers, must be much larger than a preserve for butterflies, which might range within ten kilometers during its lifetime.
Preserves perform better when there are buffer zones around them of suboptimal habitat.
The buffer allows organisms to exit the boundaries of the preserve without immediate negative consequences from predation or lack of resources.
One large preserve is better than the same area of several smaller preserves because there is more core habitat unaffected by edges.
All of these factors are taken into consideration when planning the nature of a preserve before the land is set aside.
These can include anything from timber extraction, mineral extraction, regulated hunting, human habitation, and nondestructive human recreation.
These can include anything from timber extraction, mineral extraction, regulated hunting, human habitation.
In some cases, wildlife protection policies have been so strict that subsistence-living indigenous populations have been forced from ancestral lands that fell within a preserve.
This is a widespread problem with preserves in areas of the tropics.
Limitations on Preserves Some of the limitations on preserves as conservation tools are evident from the discussion of preserve design.
Political and economic pressures typically make preserves smaller, rather than larger, so setting aside areas that are large enough is difficult.
In this case, an area on the outer edges of the preserve inevitably becomes a riskier suboptimal habitat for the species in the preserve.
Enforcement of protections is also a significant issue in countries without the resources or political will to prevent poaching and illegal resource extraction.
Climate change will create inevitable problems with the location of preserves.
The species within them may migrate to higher latitudes as the habitat of the preserve becomes less favorable.
Finally, an argument can be made that conservation preserves indicate that humans are growing more separate from nature, and that humans only operate in ways that do damage to biodiversity.
Finally, an argument can be made that conservation preserves indicate that humans are growing more separate from nature.
that humans only operate in ways that do damage to biodiversity.
Ultimately, the economic and demographic pressures on biodiversity are unlikely to be mitigated by preserves alone.
In order to fully benefit from biodiversity, humans will need to alter activities that damage it.
LINK TO LEARNING An interactive global data system of protected areas can be found at this website.
Habitat Restoration Habitat restoration holds considerable promise as a mechanism for restoring and maintaining biodiversity.
Of course, once a species has become extinct, its restoration is impossible.
However, restoration can improve the biodiversity of degraded ecosystems.
The number of species of carrion eaters has increased because of the predatory activities of the wolves.
In this habitat, the wolf is a keystone species, meaning a species that is instrumental in maintaining diversity in an ecosystem.
The results from the Yellowstone experiment suggest that restoring a keystone species can have the effect of restoring biodiversity in the community.
The reintroduction of wolves into Yellowstone National Park in 1995 led to a change in the grazing behavior of elk.
To avoid predation, the elk no longer grazed exposed stream and riverbeds, such as the Lamar Riverbed in Yellowstone.
This allowed willow and cottonwood seedlings to grow and recolonized large areas.
The seedlings decreased erosion and provided shading to the creek, which improved fish habitat.
A new colony of beaver may also have benefited from the habitat change.
Other large-scale restoration experiments underway involve dam removal, which is a national movement that is accelerating in importance.
Some of the largest dam removal projects have yet to occur or have happened too recently for the consequences to be measured.
The large-scale ecological experiments that these removal projects constitute will provide valuable data for other dam projects slated either for removal or construction.
The Role of Captive Breeding Zoos have sought to play a role in conservation efforts both through captive breeding programs and education.
The transformation of the missions of zoos from collection and exhibition facilities to organizations that are dedicated to conservation is ongoing and gaining strength.
However, captive breeding programs have yielded some success stories, such as the California condor reintroduction to the Grand Canyon and the reestablishment of the Whooping Crane along the Midwest flyway.
Unfortunately, zoo facilities are far too limited to contemplate captive breeding programs for the numbers of species that are now at risk.
Education is another potential positive impact of zoos on conservation efforts, particularly given the global trend to urbanization and the consequent reduction in contacts between people and wildlife.
A number of studies have been performed to look at the effectiveness of zoos on people's attitudes and actions regarding conservation; at present, the results tend to be mixed.
at present, the results tend to be mixed.
The other method uses measures of habitat loss and species-area Biodiversity exists at multiple levels of organization relationships.
background rate, as determined from the fossil record, These measurements include numbers of species, and are predicted to rise.
background rate, as determined from the fossil record, These measurements include numbers of species.
The number of described species is 47.2 The Importance of Biodiversity to estimated to be 1.5 million with about 17,000 new Human Life species being described each year.
The mechanism for this pattern is medicines will undoubtedly be discovered in nature.
The loss of wild relatives to crops also record.
Wild food sources are mainly aquatic, but facilitating the cataloging of the planet's biodiversity.
Legislation within Biodiversity may provide important psychological individual countries protecting species and agreements benefits to humans.
Climate accord is currently being implemented as a means to reduce global climate change.
The most significant causes of extinctions are habitat loss, Migratory Bird Act is an agreement between Canada introduction of exotic species, and overharvesting.
The most significant causes of extinctions are habitat loss, Migratory Bird Act is an agreement between Canada introduction of exotic species.
and the United States to protect migratory birds.
The Climate change is predicted to be a significant cause of non-profit sector is also very active in conservation extinctions in the coming century.
Habitat loss occurs efforts in a variety of ways.
Presently, 11 percent of Earth's land meat in the humid tropics threatens many species in surface is protected in some way.
In addition, species' introductions are increasing damaging native climate change will limit the effectiveness of preserves ecosystems around the world because of the increased in the future.
Climate change is forcing more sustainably outside the preserves.
Global warming will also raise of dams on rivers.
Zoos have attempted to take a more sea levels, eliminating some islands and reducing the active role in conservation and can have a limited role area of all others.
Zoos also have a useful role in education.
Which of the boundary , and many species were found following statements most likely represents above the boundary.
many species were found following statements most likely represents above the boundary.
An abundance of fern spores from several species was found above the K-Pg 2.
The Svalbard Global Seed Vault is boundary, but none was found below.
A greater percentage of bird species are 4.
An adaptive radiation is________.
a. a burst of speciation 12.
The number of currently described species on c. overharvesting and exotic species the planet is about ________.
A mass extinction is defined as ________.
b. marine ecosystems a. a loss of 95 percent of species c. islands b. an asteroid impact d. tropical forests c.
Certain parrot species cannot be brought to the United States to be sold as pets.
Pollination is an example of ________.